 Thank you.  you  तो तेरे पास यह प्रेमियम यह प्रेमियम वाला है तो वही मैं अभी आप दोनों में इसे किसी एक को आइडमिन बनाकर निकल जाऊंगा तो  I think recording of the session is important. We'll give them that we're recording the session and we have a set when we do this, it's just because if we forget, we'll not share. I can explain that. It is not for external, it's only for study purpose so that we don't have to worry taking notes in between the sessions.  No, what are your thoughts on it? Just to get an unbiased opinion. So discussion to head, like you are going to head the lead the discussion. Yes, I have made a guide. I will follow the guide and because it will be consistent. I have shared the guide with everyone. What is my role? As of such, nothing stringent. In case you want to observe, you can observe. As of such, something, from my side, your stringent requirement  तो तब यह आखिरी में खल शाम को कॉल करके में लोग कंफर्म कर रहे थे कि आप आओगे नहीं आओगे तो कुछ लोग ने रिस्केड़ियोल किया ठीक है तो यह मोस्टली सब आएंगे अगर नहीं आएंगे तो भी ऑफ डेट फोन नंबर्स यू केंजिस्ट टेल मी अगर कोई पिंग यू एंकेस वी आफ ट्री टू पोर यूजर जालको अगर विद इससे ज्यादा हुआ तो  इन बिट्वीन आइए लुक आट इट एंड टेल आज जब क्योंकि आईएस फॉर्ट अबॉर यॉर ओपीनियन चैनल लाबरेट इस अब एड ओके वाटर फॉर्थ थॉर्ड विकेंट विदार्ड सो देख सोना निश्य अब इवेन अब एक आगर आपको लग रहा है कि कुछ एक्स्ट्रा करने की जरूरत है यह वांटर सांथिंग बेटर आप यू कैन पिंग में और इफ यॉर ऑन कॉल यू कैन जंप इन लाइक आरे वाई है विद थॉर्ड यू अप टोल डिस्ट लेकिन वाटर थॉर्ड विद थॉर्ड विद थॉर्ड विद थॉर्ड  Hello. Hello. Hi,  Yeah, I can see you. And I'm having it in mobile, so it would be shaky. No, no, that's fine. You're just having a conversation between friends or newly met people. So just think it from that lens.  wait for two, three more minutes. We are expecting one or two people more to come in. Once they come in, we will start. Sure.  Are we, Kapil, are we calling those folks?  Yes. Sunny, is it possible for you to put your camera on so we can have that clean discussion? Sure. Thanks, Sunny. So, first of all, I would like to thank all of you for your time and helping us. We really value your opinion at Win12th and I'm Kapil. And the purpose of this discussion is to understand your needs better,  in case I miss out on taking notes based on your opinion, I can always come back and come back and have a look at it. Is that fine? Yes, Kapil, I guess one more person is joining in a minute. Okay. So, in meanwhile, Amit has also joined in. So, I think, yeah, let's start.  So Amit, thank you for your time. I was just explaining to everyone earlier that at Vintwell, we value your opinion and it helps us to serve your opinion and your understanding helps us to improve your experience with us. And this is just a call to understand you and there are no right or wrong answers on anything which we ask. You can kind of express your views openly  your release videos for any of the assets which are launched. So I go a lot by what you say. I hear you to the pin drop of every word what you mentioned. So it has a lot of impact on each and every of my investment decision. And I wanted to thank you because I see I invest a lot across a variety of alternate assets. You mentioned from crypto to NFT to your alt bonds to invoice discounting, peer-to-peer lending. But I guess whatever I hear from  Giraffe and certain other alt grip and other platforms. But I guess post this meet, hopefully that will change. Sure, sure, sure. Thank you. Thank you. I'll reach out separately. Sure. Thanks, Amit. So just to, let's just start, you know, I just want to kind of understand you. Let's have an icebreaker here that can you just tell me about yourself, your name, your current job, what are your hobbies, what are your passions, one by one. So, you know, we kind of start with, you know, understanding each  left it midway, didn't complete the third round because I was too much into my job. But I think from an investing perspective, heavily invested in stocks, real estate, all the old investments from the past year, year and a half. Yeah, so Amit, thanks for letting us know you're investing, like you're an avid investor as well. But just for this like icebreaker, let's just understand,  for mutual funds, alternative investments, or all those. So not an avid reader from a book's perspective, but LinkedIn posts, YouTube videos, some small articles, curated findings of certain folks whom I follow, certain people on Twitter, not that active on Twitter. But yeah, newspapers, economic times,  When Vintveld came on board, I was excited that the bond platform was being made open to the retail investors category. I don't invest much of my capital, but a certain portion of it is being allocated to Vintveld. My passions, I do read quite a few books on fiction front and sometimes I follow the markets as well. So that's how it is. Yeah. Thanks, Venkat. If you can,  research about investing platforms. So through, I mean, while doing that, I found out so that's how I got associated with them. And I'm still learning a lot about investing through various YouTube videos and blogs. And I follow Achankya as well and LinkedIn. I'm getting a lot of useful information. Thanks, Achankya. And personally, I like to travel. So generally by two places.  caution and I'm put up in Faridabad. So yeah, primarily I'm in, I have been an avid investor. So currently I'm, let me just give a little background about myself. So I had around 10 years of experience in digital marketing and currently I'm working as a digital marketing consultant. So it was more kind of like an online journey for me because digital marketing is also created online. So then I started getting into more online investing.  real estate platforms also, which are like pools of your investments and all. So, but then I need to only invest in one platform. So then I choose Winfell because the kind of information I was checking on the website, the details of each assets, the research was done behind that each and everything. So then I started investing and all and whatever, whenever the new bond launched. So every second or third bond, I've tried to put even whatever I have, I mean,  So I'm very passionate about, I mean, researching about new investment opportunity and can be anything. I mean, not just restricted to, let's say the stocks or, or like all these platforms and all, but can be any, whatever new investment I want to be updated. Let's say whatever new investments are happening in the market, a particular retail investor can invest. So to how to maximize them also, that is all my passions, hobbies and everything. Yeah. So as I can see, everyone's a very learned and,  investing. So can just can you just give me a gist of what kind of investment avenues you know and where do you kind of invest or where do you look to invest like everyone just flows for everyone. So generally as everyone do I do stock investing, bond investing as well as some mutual funds.  I primarily invest in the stocks through Zerodha platform and I also do the bond. My bond portfolio is through Windfield and a portion is through Bonds India as well. And as far as alternate investment goes, I invested through Grip in the leasing platform and also double some inventory financing. And apart from that, off the offset of the platforms, I also do personal a little bit of financing for certain companies.  but they host all the bonds. The thing about Vint is it curates the bond. And I think that specific focus on some of the assets which you'll launch, that helps make a decision. No, no, I'm not coming to Vint yet. I just want to know you better. A lot more. Yeah. So I'm just giving you context. We'll come to Vint later. Right now, I kind of want to understand how's your investment behavior like.  And I realized that too much analysis leads to paralysis. So a lot of things were missed. But now I think the intention is good info coming from the right source. And that's what helps me take my decisions a little bit faster. Okay. And Mohit, about you? So, yeah, I used to be active in stock markets and all.  yeah that's how I'm currently I mean investing in all these platforms and all but yeah I mean I'm always open for looking out I mean I don't invest in the time I'm had enough knowledge about that platform so let's say I was currently might be studying grip invest I mean what they are offering each and everything and some other things and all here and there so yeah that is all so I just also want to know like like  So I personally want that at least in whatever situation, at least 50% of the income should be invested. I mean, that is apart from that, you can do whatever you want to spend here and there till the time you are able to save 50% monthly. But 50% is something that you need to be, I mean, something like, I personally, let's say currently,  more kind of in a lump sum manner, whether if I'm doing a mutual fund investment, it's more kind of like when the market goes a little bit down, I try to take advantage of that to a lump sum investment and all. And so, yeah, that is how currently I'm in my investment is. So, but yeah, I'll try to in whatever month I make sure that to whenever, let's say even windmill also, as I got a notification every time on my WhatsApp and all whenever windmill launches some new bonds. So I'll make sure that whatever, if it's,  And I think some of the lower rated bonds, even on wind, would fall part of that. So otherwise, from a crypto NFT, another perspective that is approximately even leasing finance, asset financing and all those things will be around 70% of that. So around 30-40 in large caps, 20 in mid caps, around 20, somewhat 20 in BBB plus or minus bonds.  the remaining 20% would go towards roughly between gold and other steady assets. I think I will go next. So I roughly save 40-50% of my salary. But most of my investment will be ad hoc because I haven't found any platform where I get consistent opportunities like this.  in some products. Like let's say I open my app every day or when kinds of give me a notification, things like that. So there are some regular investing products. So I want to understand that like what do you look in when you invest regularly in such products? Like what are your needs? What do you look for? Then you kind of, okay, consider I'll invest in such products. Like what are your thoughts on such behavioral and products?  like you as investors like what are the things you look for when you invest in a product i think returns right is what we ultimately look for so it is uh depends on uh you know equity doesn't have a standard uh rate of return right so when we are investing in equity we in our minds there is at the back of our mind let's say and if you're a long-term investor you're looking at  capital return. When you invest in SIP, what are the things you look for? Ours is to everyone. I guess everyone does invest in SIP. SIP is directed towards ETFs only. I don't invest in particular individual large cap stocks because even picking the individual large cap stocks becomes a bit of a hassle. Over the long term, I feel that  allocation or selection of assets being one like what else do you look into it I think credibility of the product so we have to understand the product and have faith on it and there should be some kind of regulations so which will give us some hope because we are going to consistently invest on the product so we could have safety and return so if all these parameters are good so we are convinced to actually invest regularly in the product okay and uh Ahmed  My expectations are very realistic. But one thing I always take care of is that my principal should be safe. Whatever investment I'm doing, whatever risk I'm taking, I'll take in that manner that I'll make sure in worst-case scenario, if let's say after two years I'm not able to make money for whatever reason, my principal should be negative or something in whatever stock I'm investing or whatever kind of. That is the core issue.  for stocks and I think for cryptos it's more or less how the market is behaving. For bonds it's primarily the ratings. I know they don't count and the commentary which I get and basically established names. So even though the names might be established if the rating is poor then I think it's primarily ratings for bonds and  Just for everyone's like just to understand things better like I would ask this to everyone. So if pedigree is not there, you wouldn't invest in it. It is the most critical aspect for you. That is the touching point like pedigree is critical. If pedigree is not there, I'll not invest. Is that something which you look to? So it definitely adds a lot of weightage, but it's not that  that if pedigree contributes 40%, rating contributes 30%, technical levels contribute 20%, 10-20% sentiments, it's like the score should be above 60-65+. That can take a rough sentiment. That's how I usually do it. Okay. So if a sentiment is, let's say, less than 60, you will never invest in such a product or anything like that.  I, whatever investment is there, I think I'll particularly look out for, let's say fundamentals and all. I mean, because I'm not a investor for, let's say if I'm investing something, so I'll do a short time investing for 15 days, one month, two months. If I'm investing, it's definitely a longer period of let's say minimum of one year. So for me, fundamental of let's say, whatever it's a bond, let's say it's a bond, whether it's a senior security,  the bond of some company and all. So I'll definitely want to go ahead and check out their website once. Whatever bonds I'm invested on, I have checked all of their websites. So how strong they are fundamentally and what kind of, because all I into, let's say, disbursing credits to people or to B2B credits and all. So just for me, fundamental of whatever investment is there, it's very important. Sarath, Venkat, your thoughts? Like what is that critical thing for you? I think I agree with Mohit.  currency, then I will actually leave behind with that product. I don't choose that. Okay. Okay. And you know, any favorite investment and you connect on a emotional level with it, let's say, you know, I connect with bonds on an emotional level because of that security they offer me like any product which you can emote to an emotional level or your favorite product which you invest in?  So I am meeting you for the first time and these are your friends considering you've interacted with them in the past. So can you just help me introduce them? Like I want everyone to introduce an equity to me. Let's start with how would you introduce equity to me? He's your friend, right? You invest in stocks, you understand what equity is. Imagine that equity stock is your person next to you. He's your friend. So how would you introduce to me?  I would say that I suppose. As far as bonds go, I think he is my most trusted friend and I am sure that he would not give up on me at any point of time. FD is also I would say the same thing. As far as gold goes, gold is a little unpredictable for me. He is there but I am not sure what he will give me later on. That would be an apt justification. Equity and FD and  Traditional thought, but yeah. And what, like just personify them, like what would FD be wearing and what would Bonds be wearing as clothes? FD is, you know, plain clothes, nothing fancy. Nothing fancy. Plain, maybe white and black shirts or something like that. Bonds a little bit fancier instead of white, let's say, a lot of pink color or green color. But again, plain. Formal. Yeah. Equities would be dancing their heart out.  interesting everyone's going to interact more on that. Sarath, what you mentioned, I agree with it. But equity do carry the potential of that volatile friend that you need to keep on paying attention to that friend. The moment you ignore him, he can come and bite you in the ass. So I think you constantly got to keep a close watch and keep on giving that leverage and keep on as an extending  completely but I think it's worth taking that bet so I look at it from that perspective so these are friendships like which might work out and which might not work out that's how I look at it okay Mohit you have any different thoughts or let's say you want to assign any actor or cricketer to these four people like who would you assign and why so yeah I think my thoughts are also related to what others said so it's like similar to what equity is definitely for me  If you have invested two years before or like all that. So yeah, I think an FD is something that's like till the time you're investing FD through your parents who are senior citizens, it's good to go. Because through senior citizens, you'll get additional interest 0.5 or 1% extra. Yeah, I'm not asking him as an interest, how much interest he's getting. I'm asking how is he as a friend? Or like if you would say FD as an actor, would you play FD in a movie?  Rahul and also these can be a bond. I mean, I can say because these are newcomers and in the market, I mean, bonds are there, but now the popularity that these are getting. You mean KL Rahul or Rahul Javed? No, KL Rahul. So, yeah. So now these, how these are being, I mean, bonds are there since ages, but now how these are people are getting to know bonds and they are through different platforms are coming through which you can invest in bond like WinFend and all.  to use with that platform okay so we can i mean we have some some kind of trust so as as he said rahul sachin could be good examples for fda and gold and bond and stocks are what to say so stocks i can say shave up okay bonds i would say some other reliable player i i can't find any app player for that actually  Not yet. Not yet. Is it visible now? Yes. People who have joined from mobile, can they see it? Can they read it actually? Can you read it? Yeah. So, yeah.  Basically, a fixed income platform is a platform which will, you know, avail access to fixed income securities and manage your fixed income portfolio in one single place. So things like gold bonds backed by RBI, listed bonds by NFCs and other businesses, fixed deposits, debt mutual funds, you know, arbitrage funds for emergencies. And what you will be able to do on the platform is on the platform, you will be able to buy and sell securities, you know, avail credit  All the different kind of securities which will be available like debt mutual fund itself as a security, gold bonds, listed bonds. So you can sell and buy those on this platform. Okay.  you don't actually do anything to hedge risk directly on equity basically you direct seven so if equity falls like your debt investment bond investment uh or at least uh like their to support really so yeah so does anyone have any further questions so we are good to go  I would want your opinion around this on various aspects. So this is just something which might come up by any company or if this comes into the market as a proposition. So I would want your opinion on that. So if you can, if everything's good to go, I'll ask questions around it. Okay.  it will be useful and I might try it out but can't say for certain though. Yeah, Venkat, Mohit, Amit, your thoughts? I would also agree with that because right now it is all scattered across different platforms so for us also it is a bit difficult for us to manage each and every platform. So if everything is available in one platform definitely so I will also try it out. Mohit, Amit?  same time you have investment on ETS or like different kind of platforms and all. So definitely these will be available in the one platform. Definitely it's going to be a good idea for customer perspective. Okay. And Amit, your thoughts? See, as per me and I'm specifically talking from a Vint platform perspective, I think, see Vint, I look at it as a boutique platform catering to a particular need.  Or you are comfortable with having boutique stuff or boutique investments? Is that your thought? And you would say this doesn't kind of fulfill my need. I think unless there is something unique in this, I think these things are available. Maybe fragmented, but they are easily available, easily accessible. People will go to the least costliest platform and crowd over there.  there's any expectation you think that should be from a platform so you expect it to bring products which are unique in nature is that what i'm saying right when i say unique it should be value adding it should cut down some of the okay so it should value add yeah in can you help me understand that where can it value add so like uh there are tons of debt mutual funds right  to do this okay and uh mohit venkat sarath what are your expectations from such platform like what do you think is expected from these plat like this platform what are your expectations from it so according to me it could be a simplicity so i could reach out one platform instead of managing multiple platforms so as i use the perspective that's what i can  supposing I want to tap more into it, there should be some option where I'm able to liquidate it through the platform. So that is the issue with the fixed income platforms right now, right? They don't offer liquidity. Even if you're offering a six-month or three-month liquidity, it is not complete liquidity. I should be able to immediately liquidate it like that, but that is what is lacking on the fixed income platforms. If that is there in this platform, I think I would even push more and happily invest more.  ratio, what is this ratio, what is the market cap and all these kinds of things. So those can be, let's say, how, let's say, I'll take an example of WinFed. So I don't understand the bond market, but how the information was available there. So it was pretty much easy. Even a layman person who is not much into bonds at any time, he can go through it and each, everything is visible very clearly. So similarly, I'll expect the same thing for other platforms also, whether it's a debt mutual funds, even a layman language can understand that without,  when you look at such a platform like this should be there without this you know everything's a bit dicey like the most critical factor you feel I think critical factor it's mean just to show the transparency like if you're investing in this product whether it depth or what are the chances of I mean risk and all involves it should be very transparent and all should be very clear I mean  And when would you visit such a platform? Let's say there's any product service you would want or any moment like, okay, today's a bonus day I got or like, when would you visit this platform? I would be regular. There's no specific, you know, day or month or day event which would trigger my investment. I think that would be regular. I'll be regularly maybe on a monthly basis. No mood to kind of like today, I'm happy.  Okay. Okay. And Mohit Ahmed? So you are asking when will we visit a website or a platform like this? Yeah, yeah, yeah. When like, I would visit a platform and I'm happy or I've gotten, my office went well, so I would want to make an investment or some amount got credited, I would want to kind of  There are a couple of other facts. Apart from debt funds, arbitrage and FDs, the first two you all are already doing to a certain extent. I think you all had some gold bonds, maybe not backed by RBI. I didn't see SGD on their platform, but I think I saw some other bonds which are backed by gold earlier, but not the SGD ones. Some differentiations are there  exploring around platform. Is that your thoughts when I look at this platform versus Vint? So, see, it will depend on how you execute it. Like, these things are there outside. Unless you have curated or add value to it, then it can be of the same caliber of Vint currently. But if you are bringing the entire plethora of debt funds, arbitral funds, FDs, then there is no differentiator, right?  about Vint like everyone about this? I think the portfolio for Vint should increase more. I think it is comparatively less. I know you're picking out the best ones but again I think your larger portfolio and availability on a continuous basis would be better. For example, the product you're marketing right now gets sold out quickly.  your perspective instead of you know as I say waiting for my redemption to come through a liquidity option would be better is what I am feeling because ones which are market are not listed so I am not I may not be able to sell that on the market as well so that liquidity option is taken away from me so if that is provided it would be better okay so Venkat and Amit you have any different thoughts on it so from my perspective what I would say is  other one is like all the products they are having the minimum ticket set of 10,000. So even though it is applicable for every investor, sometimes the investors can have 5 lakhs or 50,000 or something. So even if there are portfolios which can offer with minimum ticket set of 50,000 or 1 lakh or something. So other part of some advanced investors can also instead of just looking for because if they invest in  I think the true metal will be tested when, hopefully not, but if any one of the assets listed default in some form or manner, that is when the risk measures and all those things will come into play. I think, hopefully not. Sooner or later, that might happen. And the longer you all will avoid it, the longer, the more name. So I think that what do you call risk mitigation process in selection has to be more rigorous.  metal will be tested once we hit a roadblock in any of these assets and how you all actually get that recovery done and how much is lost in that process that will be the true test so I think risk avoidance will be the crucial metal which I rely on wind at least that due diligence process never lacks in any form or manner right but any other experience aspect like you want us to improve so you have a better kind of  let it come through. UPI, let it come through. Don't restrict it. I have to put it in a wallet, which is Vint wallet. And those kinds of things are, I think, not a smooth process for anyone. And apart from that, what the others mentioned that sometimes the asset gets sold out and other things. And I think there has to be some categorization. So if I'm investing, if I want to invest five lakhs plus, there should be some advantage, which I should get from Vint. There has to be some differentiation in the clientele. So if I have 20 lakhs invested,  I think that that should definitely continue. Is this transparency or is this something like from this is something which is like what how would you say that value? The amount of information which you all give over a YouTube seminar for a new asset release is not there on your website. So had I read only through what I what is listed on your website and not listen to one of those forums where Ajinkya and some of the other teams from Vint and even the from the  listening to it, I would easily point out the difference. So I think somewhere that has to come back on your website. Okay, so you like our expertise or our transparency if I can ask you to make that judgmental call. Definitely a fan of both. There is no complaints about that. I'm saying we should retain that edge is my request. That's what I'm saying. Right, that's and Sarath and Venkat, like what one value you think we should always have irrespective of what  I think, yeah, I think bonds were, you know, I was skeptical on selecting the bonds because bonds are not transparent. So the transparency which you brought in, you know, paved the way for me investing in the bonds perspective. So I think you solved that problem for me. Okay. And Venkat, this is my last question. I'll be kind of signing off in case you guys want to kind of add anything to help us. Yeah. So bond investing, actually,  what about you like how did we help you out as well I think same I think curating the bonds in what you all bring in I think that's been a big help those seminars were a big help the candidness with Ajankya team and everyone is there that helps the platform is simple that helps I don't know I think you all make money on the arbitrage  for delaying and thanks a lot for your time and helping us understand you better and we hope that you get a better wind experience everyone. Ajinkya, any parting thoughts? No, no, no, thank you. Though I was observing, I was just listening and taking some notes and like just ruminating some thoughts like about RMT but very insightful discussion. At least I have a lot of things to think about. So thank you for your time and honest thoughts. Thank you.