 you  If possible, can you turn on your camera just for a conversation? We're just waiting for one more person from my team to join and two more people to join the call and then we'll start. Hi. Hi. Hi. Anush, Ayush, am I audible? Yeah, you're audible. Great. Welcome.  Hello. A couple. Can you hear me? You're audible. Yeah. Yeah. Hey, hi. Hi everyone. I'm really sorry for joining a few minutes late. I really apologize for that considering you have given us  Thanks a lot, Ayush. Anush, Shankar, Kanjan, is that something which is possible for you? Oh, great. Yeah, I'll just turn it on initially, but I'm going to turn it off in a bit. Sure, sure. I completely understand that. So first of all, I would like to thank you for joining us and your opinion is very valuable towards that. I'm Kapil and the purpose of this discussion is to understand your needs better  that this will not go in any wrong hands. And thank you for giving your time on a short notice on a working day. I will just start myself let's by understanding everyone. So let's start by like this is an icebreaker. I'm Kapil and my hobbies are like watching football, playing FIFA, looking at various sports. So these are my hobbies and reading out books,  All these types of investments and all I am looking from very earlier this type of platform. But now I get this platform in wealth. Okay. And any new movies you have watched? Sorry? Any new movies you have seen? Just now I have seen two days before that Katputli. Mainly I watched that Aichai Kumar's film. Okay. Okay. Nice. It's a nice film to watch. Okay.  I find it interesting. So being with my job, so I was working in HR before. So past one year doing some freelance stuff for some projects based on Ethereum and Solana. So that's about it. So I was using Win12 because it seemed unique. So there was nothing between bonds and then stocks. And then Win12 was one of the first products to get those products. Sorry to interrupt, Varun. I'll come back on Win12 later. I want to kind of know you first.  Right now I am in Vakala so I have come to a friend's wedding. Okay, nice. Anush, if you can just introduce yourself and I get to know you better. Yeah, I am a techie and like Varun said I am interested in personal finance. So my hobbies include travelling and playing sport.  Yeah, so this is Kanjan. I am a software developer. So hobbies are like mostly nothing. Right now my weekends are mostly around like playing badminton and meditation, reading books or watching movies. The last movie that I watched was like Karthikeya 2. Okay. Yeah, I pretty much work in, I worked in FinTech as well. So on Forex,  I am into software development. I have been in, I think, industry for 15 years now. And I was also part of some of the startups earlier, which were into a core software development. Besides that, I'm also a stock market enthusiast. And I also like to evaluate fixed income products.  and movie enthusiasts on the panel. So I think hopefully we can have a good discussion. I'll just start with you, Omkar. What kind of investment products do you invest in? With the various investment products available, where do you invest in? Without going into specifics, I have investments in US and Indian markets primarily.  diversifying with various geographies. But like in fixed income, what products you invest in or like you're aware of but you don't invest in those products? So earlier, like when I was like graduating from college or like early in my career, I used to buy those long-term RAC, PFC bonds. That was my favorite thing earlier. They had lock-in period but they were giving decent returns.  any products with like 10% of taxation, right? So I think that has like, to be very frank, like dampened a bit of my journey towards Vint wealth. So I actually invested heavily earlier. But recently, due to these issues, I have like, kind of ramping down my investments in Vint wealth and actually and as an alternative, like investing more into some of the mutual funds, like debt schemes, so that I can also pledge those investments and  So, yeah, for me, like it's a mix of bags again, like some of the SIPs in mutual funds across like, as Omkar has mentioned, some in US market, some in Indian market, some is in like debt fund, some in mid cap and something like that, like majorly equity based. For fixed income or bond, something I've been like using Vintwell. In fact, like I was among the first 100 investor in Vintwell.  or like Anush, how do you do that? Like I pay my bills and then I see what amount I've left and then I invest. Anush, your thoughts? Sure, sure. Yeah, so I'm just going to echo what the other two people said. So I have a decent corpus split between debt, equity and gold. I follow the Zazat allocation based on the age and my target. So equity is predominantly in mutual funds and I also have a PMS.  the strict asset allocation. So once a quarter, I review it and then the incremental investments go based on what the asset allocation is. Sorry, go ahead. No, no, no. Sorry to interrupt, Anush. Yeah, and just the last part was whenever I have leftover money, whether it is a bonus or salary or anything of that sort. So I've got this recurring SIPs going, so that continues.  market because that turns out to be a discounted one okay and and one more thing uh which i would want to ask that you said you kind of look at investment goals so like is this goals based on returns is it goal based on life goals like i invest that okay after five years i want to buy a car so i would invest in such a way or my father does that key after five years i'm on this much corpus so he'll invest in that way so like what is your  or like how do you kind of where do you invest in what do you do when you invest in hello yeah hello yeah i'm audible yeah yeah yeah yeah hi i actually prefer to invest in different uh like diversify the my investments i invested in the first in fd also for liquidity uh because yes i  uh any particular thought in mind uh no just i am making my investment in all portfolios every month there is no like goal or something but i've been uh preferred vince wealth and ppf more because i want to take less risk okay uh so ppf and business consider this the best option for investment okay uh ppr is now a little less than like around seven to eight percent interest is given  Hello, Varun, you're not audible. Hello. Yeah, you're audible right now. Hello, I'm audible. Am I audible now? Yeah, you're completely audible. Yeah. Sorry. So Kapil, I was saying in terms of traditional investments, it's mostly passive for me now. So mostly invest in index funds and then for debt exposure, invest in Vintveld. I use it as one of the platforms and then  index funds and then a little bit of debt and then actively manage the portfolio. So that is what I've been up to till now. Okay. Okay. And you have any life goals when you look for, when you invest, like, or do you kind of, no, no, nothing, nothing. Yeah. Fortunately, unfortunately I'm no one is dependent on me right now. So I'm a lot of flexibility. Okay. I, okay. I get it. So,  ease of exit is something especially in crypto markets because there are a lot of smart contractors that are involved so i want to be able to access my funds as mostly stay away from any products that require lockup say most of those products need a one month or one year lockup to get a risky yield so mostly stay away from those and then mostly focus on uh data neutral strategies okay the funds that i manage actively trying to hedge all the positions and then  look into uh instruments or products when you invest and what are the other things you look at when you invest and not just the critical aspects uh yeah so critical aspect is like i look after like uh the expected returns and the time frame these two things are for me like according to the time frame if i'm getting the proper return those two things are quite critical like a prima facie parameter and other things are like uh if it is like how  then yeah i will not worry much about like risk or time uh i will invest in that somehow like whatever amount i can according to my goals uh yeah okay and anush like what are you sorry uh what do you look at uh when you kind of look at various products yeah so the primary thing is asset allocation right and within the asset say for example equity split between  is for you when I actually have a multiple asset allocation? Like how cumbersome is for you to look at various platforms when you do investments or do you have one place where you get everything or like you want to look at specialists? How do you look at asset allocation? Yeah, so it's a little, yeah, it's not straightforward like you rightly said. So there are a couple of platforms that I have to go get the data and plug it into an Excel sheet that I have.  what is the security and all things and how much it is subscribed and subscription basis I will apply on that and mainly I want that windmill should increase the return on the period also mainly only for two or three years the bonds has been issued in the windmill till now right yeah so maybe for four or five years it should increase the period and interest rate also right  For liquidity basis, I maintain another fund in FD and Mitchell funds and all. So I'm not looking for liquidity. So I want for long-term investments. Okay. Can you primarily look at safety and security? Yeah. Then you look at returns. Yeah, of course. Anush, sorry, I kind of forgot. I'm recollecting. You said you have an Excel sheet to kind of look at all your investments.  not within the boundary then it it will just say how much i need to allocate that's all okay okay and and uh quite interesting and uncle like uh what do you look at at the various investment products uh yeah you have in mind and like what are your perceptions on those products and what is very critical for you when you look to invest somewhere yeah so for me uh i just don't look at returns and safety but i always evaluate the product from the taxation  in some of the instruments and not just like equity but also debt. Okay. Okay. And just a question to everyone, right? Have you invested in small cases? I did and I am actually exiting from it right now because I found the impact cost huge actually. Okay. The way the small case managers have productized or even small case,  Ayush, Varun, have you invested in small case? Yeah, I did a little bit, but I just agree with whatever was said earlier. A lot of overhead costs. So unless our investments are really high, so my philosophy is that I'm okay to pay money. So the expense ratio I try to have is 1%.  primarily or an SGB, how would you think of them as personalities, as people, as movie characters? Everyone's a movie buff here. So like what movie character or an actor would an SGB be? What would be a bond be? And what would be an equity be? Anyone wants to kind of take it first or you guys want to have a think through like, yeah,  companies it's about how how equity is like akshay kumar like like yeah so full of action yeah so one person said equity is like ranveer singh right he's very weird out of the box wears different clothes it goes up and down here and there is energetic so you've said akshay kumar which was very interesting so i want to know what is he if let's say akshay kumar and equity is the same person let's he's making a biopic on equity how would he be acting on  Okay.  So the thing is with Nassil Sinta, I thought Nassil Sinta is always underrated and then it's always quality. But then in the mainstream, not a lot of people enjoy, but there is always back and forth in all of his movies. So Bond is also something similar. So since the last decade has been up only in the market, people forget that you need to have some Bond exposure. That's where I think I thought of Nassil Sinta.  or like in any character that he plays, right? And you kind of believe when he talks. What he talks, you believe, right? So that is one key takeaway for Bond. Like they give you the return promised assuming all the other conditions are somewhat reasonable and like everything else is okay. So I found that to have like pretty much similar characteristics. Okay. And  is right. And still there are a lot of people who have not yet explored his acting, which is analogous to Windwell trying to expand its horizons. And Kanjan, your thought? I can't really take any name, but someone like newcomer and doesn't have any back support in the industry, but still is doing well.  movies that much but I kind of no no I was just saying that no someone who's not noticed for long but started to make the presence felt right I think I would I would go with someone like that so if Windwell was in your friend circle right if he was your friend in your group like how would he be as that person in the group  I think Will Will is also like this and providing the return like Raskima Rao only in the films. Right. Right. So steady returns. Varun, you want to add something to this? Any actor would you want or any cricketer you want maybe? Hello, Varun? Varun, you're not audible.  is very sharp but then needs some advertising from others or maybe doesn't want to advertise that much in the group. Okay. Okay. So he's not a very extrovert person. He's more like stays amongst himself, gives you the advice. Okay. He's always the go-to person within the group because everyone within the group knows that that person is the sharpest one.  gauge your, you know, your perceptions and thought around those products. So just let me know if my screen's visible. It's not visible yet. Okay. So, Sidant, is it visible now? Yeah. So,  or any additional information you might need. So just this, you might know these assets already, or you might be investing in those assets currently, or might have done in the past. But I just want you to kind of just go through it once. And I'll get everyone's thought on these assets. Once I get a confirmation from everyone that we're good to go. Can either give me a thumbs up can can unmute ourselves and go like I'm fine with it.  And Omkar, are we good to go? Okay, Omkar is good to go. So I think everyone's good to go. Or does anyone want to kind of take like two, three minutes more and read through it once more? Yeah, I think everyone's good to go. So I'll start with Kanjan. So like you've seen these assets. Can you just help me with some of the assets which you would want to be in your portfolio? Like, okay, these are two, three good assets.  If you kind of have to choose between a debt or an FD aggregation as the must have for you, then what would you choose? I think FD aggregation. Okay, FD aggregation. Very interesting. Varun, your thoughts? Hello.  mid-term liquidity and then arbitrage funds is where there will be consistent yield which is in a way not dependent on market direction so a sort of a hedge in terms of returns are always consistent over a long enough time horizon. That is the reason I will go with arbitrage fund. And if you kind of had to choose one to be more primary or like if you had to kind of choose between both of them like what would you choose?  that can be only captured by institutions with a particular type of infrastructure that I don't have exposure to. That is something that excites me. Okay. I cannot do it on my own. And then. Okay. And, and Anush, your thoughts. Sorry, what was the question? Is it, we have to choose one of this or. Just give me like two, three out of which you would want in your portfolio. And then we'll come to the one.  I'd probably go with the debt mutual fund simply because you would not redeem them for the next five, six years. So hopefully get the tax benefit and also get the rate cycle going. So that would be my choice. And if apart from a debt mutual fund, you had to choose a couple of products, which ones would you like? I would go for the sovereign gold,  it looks to be going up maybe in the next six months and then it might come down further. So probably take advantage of that. And from the taxation standpoint, you know, LTCG will kick in after 36 months. So that's the hope. Okay. And Omkar, what are your thoughts? Like, what do you look for and what would your choice be? So I would primarily go for debt mutual fund here because,  I just share my screen again. Ayush, did I ask you the question? No. I'm really sorry. I missed you out. Yeah, no worry. So which one would you choose as your primary? Out of this, I think I will go for Debt Mutual Fund and Apti. Mainly the Debt Mutual Fund is for because of low risk and high return. And for Apti,  for this network. Okay. And I'll just share my screen once again to show you a proposition. Let's say a company comes out with such a platform, a website or an app. I would want to kind of understand your thoughts and your perceptions around that. Just let me know if my screen is visible. Yeah, it's visible. So let's say a company comes out as a fixed income platform, which is a website or an app, which will give access to fixed income security.  Yeah, I think it's a good option, good choice to bring all this in single platform. But any apprehensions around that? Sorry? Any things which makes you like worrisome like if all these come on one platform or do you think it just makes your life easier? In this, I think everything is included in this.  mislead with the information and that rate of return, the actual rate of return should show in the screen. It's not like top or something like that. It does not mislead the investor that you will get this if you've done this or all this thing. Okay. So a truthful and honesty approach is something. Yeah. And it should be on time. If you're saying the interest will be given on this day, then it should be deposited that day only.  It would be not something that is present today, right? So people would have to park their money, which cannot be used for anything else. So like I mentioned, my other use cases are, I also want to have margin for my investments, right? And I also want to have that taxation advantage where if I have to go and buy and sell on the platform,  portfolio, then sure. But if a use case is to have like, like a cherry on top and use it for multiple use cases, then I would not be interested in that. Okay. But any, any way, let's say if you kind of onboard on that competition platform or that other platform, like any expectations you want that, okay, even if you're coming with this, this is something I would want on that platform. Yeah. One would be like, like ease of like, like doing day-to-day activities, right? Like,  So basically understanding the customer and its need would be like, I think paramount for any platform. Okay. So I would focus on that basically. But you are such a savvy investor yourself. So do you think it would impact you? If I did not have those other use cases, then I would want to have parked some money at least, right? Because that would help me evaluate. And of course, I think returns, we did not talk about returns, right?  mind having some allocation if i don't have uh the other two use cases that i described okay and and kanjan your thoughts on this like such a platform coming on board do you think it makes your like easy difficult untrustworthy or some expectations you want from this platform so is it like will it allow me to like uh do the transactions as well or just like portfolio  it makes my life easier. Also in terms of making transactions, if I'm having the data, like earlier what happens in mutual fund, I had to register with each AM and later then these platforms came and they provided everything at one place. So it would be good for me, but only thing that I'll be worried is my security and my privacy. Now since everything I can do from one place, so let's say my security has been compromised,  to be very clean uh i need easy interface like any expectations from that platform yeah so basically like two expectation in terms of usability one is a proper tracking and proper in terms of dashboard like proper tracking of what is how like how each section is doing and how much i have contributed generally what percent of my total is there and that particular section how much it has gained  kind of planning like what we say plantation of what my funds will actually look, how tax will actually look. Okay. And Anush, your thoughts? You want to add something to it? You want to have a... Yeah. So this is very attractive, right? If this is one platform that I can use for my debt portfolio, that would be great. So maybe RBI bonds have to come in, right?  Because debt is a lot of importance given to taxation, STCG, LTCG. Now, if there is a dashboard that can tell you about realized or unrealized gains, that would really help. Okay. And anyone else wants to add to what would their expectations be? Or everyone's fine with the sort of expectations? Varun, Ayush? Yeah, just now that he said like he should give the  an ios app but we are definitely working on this and we'll do it soon yeah because i'm very much eagerly waiting for that right right so uh now you've said that what are your problems with vint well uh if anyone wants to uh kind of you know and have any concerns any experience improvement uh areas for us we definitely would want to help there and improve ourselves as vint  both users and then the ones who want to get into the product even though it is so a marketplace where you can buy and trade yeah right right definitely we'll have to look at regulations and everything but definitely get your suggestion I think it's a very valuable insight for us Anuj, Kanjan, Omkar any things which you want us to improve I think I have just  there is a principle, there is interest and there's tedious on the interest, right? So if that detail shows up, then that'll be great. Okay, definitely. I think you can view that in the dashboard, but I think due to regulatory reasons, we can't split payments when we credit to your bank account. Siddhant, if my understanding is right on this? Yeah, but it's partly incomplete, but like it is something that's being worked upon. So that's,  can there be a MLD product with like a 10% taxation for the long term? I would jump on it right away. If there is any clarity on that aspect, that would be great. Just like a note maybe that it's not possible or it's not in the pipeline or something like that, that would also be okay. I was just saying that what we can do is we can get back to you with something regarding this specifically because it's a pretty specific  my parting last question is that one thing you you like about Vint and you want that whatever we do in life later as an organization you want that value that we should always retain as Vint 12th like one value Omkar if you want to add yeah not one actually there are many right what I like about Vint 12th is transparency right you're absolutely transparent I have like a lot of I do a lot of your  like there is like disclaimer everywhere that do not get on board uh if you don't understand the risks right or don't blindly put in all your money you just have to allocate five to ten percent of your portfolio so i think there are no other products uh available or like there are no other other owners who give this kind of disclaimers or like uh educate people so i think uh i think that was primarily the reason why i uh i went ahead and actually invested a lot of things  There's some other value we should always have or something we should always return. Yeah, I agree with Omkar. It's transparency and it's display and everything. Disclaimer, it's good. I didn't find like this in any other platform. Thank you, thank you, Ankur. Thank you, Omkar. I think you summarized it so beautifully that everyone's agreeing to it. Yeah, I think Kanjan has given a round of applause to you for that. So thanks, Omkar.