 Wow.  कर रहा है कि यह अरे क्या है यार सब यूजर कॉल में देखेंगे वह नहीं है कपेल स्क्रीबिंग नहीं नहीं वह यह मल्टिपल रिकॉर्डिंग्स तीए सेंड आपके यूजर वाले अच्छा लास्ट वन वास क्वाइड इंट्रेस्टिंग आई थिंग देवर मोर वाइड इनवेस्टेड इन एसजीबी देवर मोर वॉमर टू वाटेड मूचल फांड पर लोंग थर्म ओराइजन एंड रिस्ट मिटिगेशन अच्छा तो वह शोड़ अपने  लेट मी सी और अजय को अगर नहीं हो पाया लेकिन इस पेटिंग टेंड फिर दो लोग आ गए नियुक्त  Hello, am I audible? Hello. Hello. Hi, Rajsekar sir. Hi, I'm Rajsekar here. Hi, sir. Hi, sir. Would you be comfortable if you can switch on a camera so it's easier for me to kind of connect and... Okay. Jatin sir, Nitin sir, if I'm audible, yeah.  Yeah, Rajsekar sir. You are clearly visible. Just give me some glitch. No, that's completely fine. In this day and age, we all face glitches. Jatin sir, if I am audible, would you please help me with your camera so it's easier for me to interact with you if it's possible for you.  Sir, can you just exit and try to come in again? If that helps.  Yeah. Jatin sir, you're back here. Can you... Hello? Hello? Sir, it's fine if you can't connect with the video. I think even if you say something, I can kind of understand your audio or not.  you  hear you. It's fine if you can just put on your audio and tie it with a headphone or tie connecting without a video if that's...  i think there's an echo hello hello yeah your voice is too echoey sir and there's too much disturbance  I've already taken quite a long time of you on a Saturday evening. So first of all, thank you for joining with us. And we really value your opinion towards Vintwell. I'm Kapil and I look at research and insights at Vintwell. Now the purpose of this discussion is to understand your needs better and how Vint can improve your experience. So there are no right and wrong answers.  myself and I would want to understand everyone better. So I'll just start my name is Kapil and I work in insights and my hobbies is watching football, playing FIFA and reading books. So if you can let me just know your name and what are your hobbies currently Rajsekar sir and then Mithun sir.  So this interaction is also a result of my investment strategy and link with VendWealth. Okay. That's about me. Yeah. Yeah. Thank you. Nitin sir, can you help me? I know you're a family guy and I'm taking a Saturday and quality time with your family. It looks like quite a fun loving guy you must be. So you're muted.  So yeah, what do you see? But yeah, just let's start. Yeah, I've been in IT, but predominantly been in technology for financial services, right? And that's probably the first place where 20 years back, I got into all of the nuances of financial services, right? So I got an opportunity to work for a lot of financial services and then payments and all of that, right?  idea of wind wealth right and maybe another reason which I came to know later is Ajinkya and I both are from Nasik right so that's that's that's an after effect I would say yeah he's probably missing Nasik from the office so I just want now you've spoken a lot about investment products and investment strategy so I just want to understand what kind of products have you invested in what kind of products you know about just in so  And then I went on for one more. And then after that, finally, I found this guy who basically was heading Ameriprise. And then he's my financial advisor. And I do all my financials and I call all my financials through goals. So I'm not really looking at investing because I want to invest. So I had life goals through which we worked through that. We figured out a strategy of what we want to do, the kind of products.  through wind to earth. That's probably how I've been managing. And Rajesh sir, how do you go about with the various products you have and you're aware of and where do you invest in? You're asking me, right? Yes, sir. I do extensive investment. Okay. My portfolio is quite huge and I touch from everything, right from fixed deposits,  citizen or a government backed bonds even if it is a bit less and also I do tax-free bonds to some extent to avoid tax. So wind-weld as I was telling one good thing is it's an innovative idea because all cannot invest 10 lakhs in one bond because all the good bonds which are more secured and comparatively more secured and yield is fairly good they come  genuine feedback. Sometimes we are not able to really assess the quality of the bonds because so many bonds are coming these days and the bonds details are very what you call abridged. It is not very detailed. So probably sometimes we skip some of the bonds. We are not so sure because even if you  equity portfolio, it's pretty difficult to figure out which bond. I'll give you my simple way I try to do. There was one bond that came from one of the NBFC that's promoted by Slice. I figured out they are predominantly into your BNPL, which is sort of unsecured. Then I skipped that bond. I skipped that bond predominantly because it is something you're doing in unsecured lending.  But then, you know, pretty much something like size A, I would probably avoid because I really don't know how to evaluate that portfolio and, you know, understand what the risk is. Yeah. Thank you, sir, for giving us this feedback. Kind of helps us understand your evaluation on various things. But I would definitely give this as a feedback to my team. But let's just start with me understanding you better.  said by time of your Saturday. So I would, I'm actually thankful that you gave me some time on Saturday, but I just wanted to understand first that what are your investment products, which you are aware of and where do you invest in, in general? Yeah. So I started like two to three years back. So I did this course from BSC Bombay Stock Exchange from where I got to know about stocks and equities and more. So after that,  fell into debt also. So yeah, equities and debt. It's great you mentioned equity and debt because that's my next question. Basically, I wanted to understand how do you kind of invest in like my strategies, I pay all my bills, then I kind of have certain investments amount to make and then I have a fixed allocation which I'll make in equity, I have a fixed allocation I'll make in debt. So you do that or do you think okay, now the market's down,  then I do the expenditures. So I follow that. Okay. And like, I have a 60-40 kind of a balance, like 60 in equity, 40 in debt. My father has an opposite kind of a mindset of having 60 in debt, 40 in equity. So like how much do you put in equity and how much do you put in debt? Roughly, if I would say so, so 65% in equities and others, like in other assets, gold and debt. Okay. So gold you buy physical?  project, it's saying, you know, what's the amount I need, and then work that out with my risk profile to get me an understanding of what kind of savings I need to do, right. And that was that was basically a mix of mix of products, right. So for me, it's not as much around, you know, an equity versus debt. For me, it's about the goal, right. So if I were to give you an idea, when we started off, right, maybe 2016 is when, you know, we went big way, it was it was roughly 70% into anything equity oriented.  That was the time when we decided that probably some time-sensitive goals need some more questioning. That's probably where we went with the child plan for insurance. So that was basically for my daughter's education. So that's basically how I generally go ahead and do it. So for me, the goal is more important than probably just a strategy. Sure, definitely. And Raja sir, how do you go about with your investment?  when you take a holistic view of the investment picture. So I do keep something in income generation investments, some in what you call short-term maturing ones so that I can divert the equity if required or put it back here in bonds, liquid bonds or whatever it is. So the remaining 10% will be in mutual fund bonds. It also includes your wind wealth bonds and  look at the past performance, reviews, delivery time. But for me, the most critical is that the delivery time should be the shortest. So like similarly for investment products, I'll start with you, Rajasthan. Like what are the different thoughts you have and what do you critically look for that, okay, this should be there, so I'll invest in any new product. Okay, I slightly differ from you in terms of the,  the catching point is the return on investment. Everybody will agree that we are looking for a decent return on investment and of course without compromising on the security of your investment. So these two go in parallel. You cannot compromise one for another. So that is the main thing. And the second thing is when the product is launched then there is a  So when you talk about the investment through wind well, probably sometimes as I said earlier, there is some lack of information about decision to make an investment because of lack of clarity on the complete picture. So second thing is, as I look at the reissue of the bonds again, see you have a repayment  out from collecting from the depositors again giving it back for the repayment so if the cycle goes you know then probably we do not know really whether things are going in the right way so first sir i i would definitely assure you that our we have a very stringent risk team and the risk team will look into the marriage demerits of each asset and each issue as well and then only bring it on our platform  company activities and how Mint Wealth is securing the investment of the investors. What are the controls they have to monitor the asset quality and coverage? Sure, sure, sir. Definitely. So Kapila, I think from my perspective, because I'm pretty much goal-driven, I look at the product as to how does it fit into my entire strategy. So what I basically try and do, and I'll give an example.  but more predictable. And then that's where we went with that insurance product. So for me, one of the things that predominant is where does it fit into my entire strategy. That's probably one of the key things that I look at. As I said, the reason I was accepted to a twin 12 was it was filling that gap between FD and the mutual fund. We could very well say that, hey, there are debt mutuals.  loaning that money to, right? And then there is, you know, some more amount of public information available for me to go behind this and then kind of figure out what's happening, right? So for me, it's important that from my strategy perspective, where is it actually fitting into, right? And that's probably, you know, one of the key factors for me. And then as Raj sir said, obviously, from a platform perspective, not from a product perspective, but from a platform perspective, given that we are retail investors, right? We may not have  to figure out that if somebody is able to do that due diligence for us and then bring that up, that just cuts down on the time that we need to spend. So now it's basically more of decision to say, okay, whether I buy it or not. And that is more driven by maybe the team of the company. So as I said, probably slice I skipped because I was not very much interested in doing something that is BNP. So that's how I look at it from both perspectives. From a product perspective, where does it fit into my strategy?  that okay someone is actively looking it on your behalf and then if there is a value I don't mind paying fee for you know getting that value right and and Jatin sir your thoughts on what are the different things you look for and what is the most critical aspect for you yeah so I thought about wind wealth I told that to you I'll come back to wind wealth later on I'll just yeah just focus on what I've been like when you buy  due diligence and all process. So it's actually not possible if I say so for us to do that also due diligence and all. Because at a retailer and retail investors say it's weak. I don't think so we can do that actually. And that 2% of the share which went well invest in all the assets like I have heard that in some of the meetings.  bonds as your friend think of equity mutual funds or small cases as your friend and think think of just small cases as a friend debt debt products like a bond as your friend and gold as a friend right so how would you interest introduce them to me like for example if someone's telling equity like equity products he will say he's my friend for long but he's unpredictable he's like an  I probably instantly I was able to connect it with our ages, right? Because the way you said it, right? Is basically, you know, take a look at gold and that's like your grandparents, right? I mean, something that's strong, sturdy experience won't let you down, right? That's probably how I would look at gold, right? Mutual fund is what you look at your parents, right? Who are trying to balance it, right? As much as they  should I go with WintMelt or not, right? I knew why that product was right. From a WiltMelt perspective, I'm still trying to figure out, right? How do I put that into my portfolio, right? And at the time I told him, right, that I am doing to understand it much better, right? I'm not really doing it from a portfolio perspective, right? At the end of the day, like Rath sir said, right, because the information is less, because the product is not as tradable as the other product.  at the various ranges of all the assets. So just one more follow-up question, Nitin sir. So would you think of gold as your grandparents, as you have said, who are safe, secure? But do you think gold bonds are in the same category or you would define gold bonds as differently? I probably will keep them somewhere the same, right? Because at the  plus some additional person. So yeah, I would say they are still part of that senior citizens family for me. Okay. And Raj sir, how would you determine all these products as people or as characters or as sports athletes? This is a very tough question because for me as a long-time investor, the ground situation will keep changing every time. Right. So sometimes,  that's how i make a call uh sometimes you may fail even in the judgment but uh you cannot keep quiet you have to make your dynamic changes right based on the driving forces in the market right right uh jatin sir your thoughts uh how how do you perceive them yeah like for bonds i can think of like it's some summer friend which i don't meet like  but you don't actually meet but when you meet it's like you really have a good time so right for equities i can say it's like a dancer or a cyclist because you know there are some cycles in that okay i don't really actually don't know no no that's completely fine it's just your perception on things what i do right now is uh so what i do is i share my screen i  Yeah, is my screen visible? Yeah, can see that. So here is a list of assets. What I've done is there are different products. What are the descriptions? What is the interest or returns you get? What are the taxation policies around it? What is the risk? And if there's anything additional which we want to add, I think we can, like that's what we've done.  investors all of you you must have read or invested in some of them but i just want you to kind of have a look at it once and just let me know if it's fine i'll start yeah i'm okay okay uh just give me a thumbs up or just tell me it's okay i'll start yeah just just give me a minute just definitely  Yeah, good to go. Yeah. So I'll start with Raju sir, your opinion first, since you know quite a few of these assets, I'm sure. I would understand like out of all these, like which ones are assets which you're fine to have in your portfolio? No, I have all. You have all, but like what do you think are the good ones out of these? You have any opinion?  sort of investment it should be not more than five percent or definitely not more than ten out of your portfolio if you ask me i will not go beyond five or at the most maximum okay but like which one of these would you kind of are excited to have in your portfolio right uh tech mutual fund is better okay uh then uh fd in small uh finance banks it's also playing good but then  put it correctly 5.2 is the range right now you get only 5.2 is the average range but one good thing is you can forget it no need to show in the tax returns and mostly these companies are government bonds either it is a pfc ntpc all those stuff so 100 secured no issue right the arbitrage fund is a okay you have to take call based on the actual fund okay and and if i give you a choice between a  percent, but I have heard that there is so much of expense ratio and this, so I don't like, I won't go for this. Right. So, but none of these are like your must have, like, at least I'll have one of this in my portfolio. Like I do have sovereign gold bonds, but I would actually like an another product here, like corporate bonds. Like, okay. I know that it is not there, but okay. I don't think so. These are, which amuses me.  haven't seen a lot of them right and that's probably what is uh creating an interest for me around those um yeah that's that's probably the two ones i would but just as products right not just as like you can get hdbs and debt mutual funds from different products but just as products like don't they excite you don't they don't you feel that one of them should be in my portfolio definitely i would say that's what i said right uh debt i am having right so i have  There's a new product which kind of adds 7% capital appreciation on gold bonds. Is that something that you would like or you would say that I would get it from somewhere else? Or do you think it's... Sorry, what's the product going to look like? I didn't get that quite right. So a product which kind of has a tool which gives you like a 7% appreciation on gold bonds. On gold bonds. So are you saying underlining asset is a gold  So if there is some, you know, there is a way to get an appreciation on that, yeah, probably, you know, should be a good product to look at. And when I compare it with, let's say, a well-researched debt mutual fund, like what would be your thoughts on that? And when you say well-researched, right, what's the value that I as an investor would get out of that? Probably a mutual fund which has a higher return and a lower expense ratio.  the product with gold. That's probably where I'm kind of trying to get. And predominantly the reason being I do not see any product with that kind of a combination. As I said, the gold investment has just matured from how do I hold it. Nothing other than that has really happened onto that. If there's something that's happening with gold,  kind of correct price which kind of gives you a 7% capital appreciation on gold. For that actually you told us the alpha but you didn't tell us that beta like what's the risk? Right. The risk being the gold price itself right so. That's it like why would someone give us the extra percent for that? Like I'm not really understanding. Is this helping you identify the right value of gold or right value of a gold bond?  understanding the fair value like let's say what's the what's the face value of the bond versus what's the actual price of gold in the market basis which you should purchase it at a price or not so a lot of times it happens that let's say like what mr rad sir said that gold price when they are released or when the tranches are released was that the gold prices might fall which might actually reduce the value of the gold bond itself but the face value remains intact so the  Does that answer your question? Yes, it does.  supporting the investors in providing such a secondary market gold bonds and probably you're taking us away on that actually it's a good thought in the sense that when you're able to get the say for example the series suppose assume i don't remember the exact latter series i invested in fact every series i invest two grams five grams whatever it is so the thing is now also last 10 days back there was a series  when the gold rate is the same in the market how some of the series are able to give a better return and some are not able to give a better return in fact the issue price is going up every subsequent series so that is a catch there still i am not able to figure out what is the role behind that but given the statistics what we have on hand buying a gold bond at a  I will invest in this. Given an opportunity, I think this is a good investment opportunity. So yes, I do like this. Okay. Thank you. After knowing all the risks and after reading the whole papers. Right. Also now, I just wanted to close the discussion because you can have a good Saturday and a Sunday. Good weekend.  asset. So I am really immersed on that. So from a risk perspective, that helps me a lot. And also I've been looking into some of the assets, like they are coming in for the issue and they are sold in just a few hours. So I guess not just me, many people are focusing on Winfield and are really confident about it. So that really helps me a lot. And apart from Winfield,  That really is nice. Thank you, sir. Thank you, sir. Thank you for your kind words. Raj, sir, what values do you think we have? And one, we should always continue respectively where we are in the market. It's innovation. Innovation is the very substance of growth and existence. So probably all these new companies which have come up, they are looking out of the box.  transparency and touch base with the investors, not only on the new products, but also on the products which are already marketed through. So that we have a feeling that Vintveld is with us. They are not only just doing marketing, but they also care for our investments. So that, for example, I don't want to mean anything, but for example,  it is. As a company, for its own growth and survival, I think you have a better responsibility and commitment to take care of investors like us, so that we get more confidence and interest to increase our... Actually, now also I'm putting only 10k, 10k. Probably I can do much more than that. Probably I'm waiting for the one cycle to go and see how things are  data study which a company like Windwell does with its huge team so that what we cannot do as individuals are done by you and that gives a sense of confidence and interest in your products. Definitely, sir. Nitin, sir, your thoughts, where do you think is the critical value we should always have?  purely from a bond market for retail investors, there's a good runway in terms of innovation. If you see even in your platform, there are quite a few bonds that are privately placed, which means we don't have a way to trade. That could be a second set of innovations as well. Because as I said, if I am not able to have a good exit strategy, even though the value from a return of investment is good, the overall appeal may be a little less. And I think that's probably where the next set  How can we at Vintveld improve your experience? Any suggestions for us to kind of help you improve your experience and interactions with Vintveld? Any improvement cues for us, sir? I think honestly dashboard, right? Dashboard for me can have some more information, right? In terms of everything. So today it is there, but it's more of data put in, right? Not as an information for me,  So that's one thing. Now, these are products that pay you at a recurring frequency, which means that the valuation now changes. When I started something with 10,000, probably after a year, the principal becomes 6,600 something. Now every calculation starts becoming on that. So for me, that is probably one thing which I would say from a platform perspective, that is where I want to see some kind of investments happening to help us really understand what's happening with our portfolios. Sure.  where we can see like where we have put our money in and like so it could be better like it is good but I would say it is good but it could be better thank you I definitely get your point especially connect with you on the iOS aspect of it Rad sir your thoughts any improvement I really did not go too much into your dashboard and all the stuff because  Thank you.