 you
 you
 Hey,
 you
 Hey,
 If possible, can you turn on your camera? Just for the conversation, which is waiting for one more person from my team to join and two more people to join the call and then we'll start. Hi. Anush, Ayush, am I audible? Yeah, you're audible.
 just in this item
 Hello. A couple. Can you hear me? You're audible. Yeah. Yeah. Hey, hi. Hi everyone. I'm really sorry for joining a few minutes late. I really apologize for that considering you have given us
 time on a week working day and your insights and everything is valuable to us. Hi, Ayush. Hi, Varun. Hi, Anush. Hi, Onkar and I, Kanjan. Can I request everyone to kind of put their put their video on so it's easier for me to kind of connect with every one of you.
 Thanks a lot, Ayush. Anush, Sankar, Kanjan, is that something which is possible for you? Oh, great. Yeah, I'll just turn it on initially, but I'm going to turn it off in a bit. Sure, sure. I completely understand that. So first of all, I would like to thank you for joining us. And your opinion is very valuable towards that. I'm Kapil and the purpose of this discussion is to understand your needs better
 when we can improve your experience. So I would like to clarify that there are no wrong and right answers. And I would suggest that please express your views freely. And we are just recording this session. So, you know, even in case I've, because of the conversations I would be having with you, I've kind of missed out anything or forget anything. I can relook at this recording and kind of jot it down. We will not be sharing this with anyone.
 that this will not go in any wrong hands. And thank you for giving your time on a short notice on a working day. I will just start myself, let's by understanding everyone. So let's start by like, this is an icebreaker. I'm Kapil and my hobbies are like watching football, playing FIFA, looking at various sports.
 videos on YouTube. So if you can just start with yourself and your hobbies, your current profession. Ayush. Yeah, hi. Yeah, my name is Ayush Akral. I'm interested in my hobbies are watching YouTube videos on YouTube and watching movies. Okay. And I'm working in a finance department. Okay. So I'm
 all these types of investments and all I am looking from very earlier this type of platform. But now I get this platform in wealth. Okay. And any new movies you have watched? Sorry? Any new movies you have seen? Just now I have seen two days before that Katputli. Mainly I watched that Achey Kumar's film. Okay. Okay. Nice.
 great, great. I'll have a look at it. I haven't seen that yet. Varun, if you can help me with yourself. Yeah, sure. So, hi everyone. So, always interested in personal finance. So, currently contributing to some projects on Ethereum blockchain. So, working with couple of them. So, basically building out a platform where we maximize yield for end users.
 I find it interesting. So being with my job, so I was working in HR before. So past one year doing some freelance stuff for some projects based on Ethereum and Solana. So that's about it. So I was using Mintwell because it seemed unique. So there was nothing between bonds and then stocks and then Mintwell was one of the first products to get those products.
 you are and what are your hobbies are i want to leave that boring conversations for later so yeah so uh most of my time goes into crypto stuff only because there are a lot of things to uh keep track of so i think last one year i've not been involved in anything outside of crypto so most of my time goes there other than that whenever i get something so any destination that
 Right now I'm in Vakala so I've come to a friend's wedding. So, enjoy. Okay, okay, nice. Anush, if you can just introduce yourself and I get to know you better. Yeah, I'm a techie. And like Varun said, I'm interested in personal finance. Okay. So my hobbies include traveling and playing sport. Okay, any sports you like any sports you particularly play? Or?
 in general um yeah i play most of it i'm pretty decent and bad wooden but everything else i just show up okay are you from bangalore i am from bangalore yes so i hope you are safe in the rains yeah it's only some parts of bangalore that's inundated the others are okay okay okay nice nice to hear that i hope your family is safe uh kanjan if if you can uh you know just give me a
 uh yeah so this is khanjanda i am a software developer uh so hobbies are like mostly not right now my weekends are mostly around like playing badminton and meditation reading books or watching movies uh the last movie that i watched was like karthikeya 2 okay
 and crypto and even in US born market regarding algorithms. So yeah, that's also part hobby. So we have two badminton players on the panel. What a coincidence. Omkar, if you can just help me with yourself and your hobbies. Hey, hi, this is Omkar. Am I audible? Yeah, yeah, yeah, Omkar, you're audible.
 I am into software development. I have been in, I think, industry for 15 years now. And I was also like part of some of the startups earlier, which were into like a core software development.
 like mainly see the sweet spot between equity and fixed income what that speed like sweet spot is and then like harness that apart from that my hobbies are playing table tennis uh and uh and carom okay and watching movies uh and like like general uh traveling not so much travel after covid but yeah i mean would like to like resume i think it's very interesting space there are a lot
 and movie enthusiasts on the panel. So I think hopefully we can have a good discussion. I'll just start with you, Omkar. What kind of investment products do you invest in? With the various investment products available, where do you invest in? Without going into specifics, I have investments in US and Indian markets primarily.
 and also have some investments in china via uh via etfs in the in the us basically okay so just was just trying to like diversify across geographies uh which are some of these major economies both developing and developed right and i've been in stock market since 2008 and uh yeah i guess that's at a high level oh you're very savvy you're not just diversifying
 diversifying with various geographies but like in fixed income what what products you invest in or like you're aware of but you don't invest in those products so uh earlier like uh when i was like graduating from college or like early in my my career i used to buy those long-term rec pfc bonds that was my favorite thing uh earlier uh they had lock-in period but they were giving decent returns
 But then they had like long term lock-in rate and also the interest was taxable on some of them. Then I also moved to some of the eventual products. And I was primarily interested in some of the MLD based structures where they are very taxation friendly.
 any products with like 10% of taxation, right? So I think that has like, to be very frank, like dampened a bit of my journey towards Vint Wealth. So I actually invested heavily earlier. But recently, due to these issues, I have like, kind of ramping down my investments in Vint Wealth and actually and as an alternative, like investing more into some of the mutual funds,
 do some of the trading activities. Oh, nice. Kanjan, want to know about what kind of products you invest in and what's your mantra? How much is in fixed? How much is in equity? Oh, I'm not... Oh, sorry. I thought the question was for me. No, no. If you want to kind of answer it... No, that's fine. I'll just pass here. Sorry. Okay. Sorry. Yeah. Kanjan, sorry.
 So, yeah, for me, like it's a mix of bags again, like some of the SIPs in mutual funds across like, as Omkar has mentioned, some in US market, some in Indian market, some is in like debt fund, some in mid cap and something like that, like majorly equity based.
 fixed income parts i'm just using wind wealth as of now and for my safe very safe investment which i can liquidate easily those are like still in a bank or post uh fds yeah yeah post office fds yeah okay and and anush uh what about yourself like where do you invest in like what are your products and i would also want to understand okay like how do you go about doing it like
 or like uh anush how do you do that like i pay my bills and then i see what amount i've left and then i invest uh anush your thoughts sure sure yeah so um i'm just going to echo what the other two people said so i have a decent corpus split between debt equity and gold i have followed this allocation based on the age and my target so equity is predominantly in mutual funds
 So it's split there. Debt is completely mutual funds. A little bit of gold and SGBs. My thing about VENT wealth was this is new. And I did not even understand what it was when I initially started. And then there's a tiny bit of my investment there. I'm just hoping to increase it over time. And with respect to your other questions, how do I go about this?
 the strict asset allocation. So once a quarter review it and then the incremental investments go based on what the asset allocation is. So, yeah, sorry. Yeah, no, no, no, sorry to interrupt Anul Shiv. Yeah, and just the last part was a whenever the whenever I have no leftover money, whether it is a bonus or salary or anything of that sort. So I've got this
 And I hold on to the money that is left. And then during the quarterly review is when I allocated into one of his assets. Okay. So, Anush, there was an interesting thought. Like one, I just want to know that SGBs which you invest in, do you kind of invest it from the primary market or you buy it from the secondary market? Yeah. So, I had two initial primary ones.
 market because that turns out to be a discounted one okay and and one more thing uh which i would want to ask that you said you kind of look at investment goals so like is this goals based on returns is it goal based on life goals like i invest that okay after five years i want to buy a car so i would invest in such a way or my father does that key after five years i'm on
 you there yeah the goal is life goals it's not yeah it's time bound it's not it's not target bound so what are the generic life goals you have in your mind like what what goals you look for i i had a couple one was kids education so that that i've achieved so the next one is retirement
 or like how do you kind of where do you invest in what do you do when you invest in? Hello? Hello, yeah, I'm Audeval. Yeah, yeah. Hi, I prefer to invest in different diversify my investments. I invested in the first in FD also for liquidity because yes, I have a lot of money.
 high liquidity for day-to-day expense or two three expense budget and after that i have invested in mutual funds and ppf and of course wind wealth and that cryptocurrency i have also invested but you know what is the market of cryptocurrency now i i understand that yeah but when you invest invest in so many products right do you have any life goals like anush has or do you invest
 uh any particular thought in mind uh no just i am making my investment in all portfolios every month there is no like goal or something but i've been uh preferred vince wealth and ppf more because i want to take less risk okay uh so ppf and business consider is the best option for investment
 So I think Winfield is the best. And from first day of the Winfield, I started investing. Then when this platform is launched. Okay. Okay. Thanks. Thanks, Ayush. Varun, your thoughts, like what is your investment strategy and where do you invest in for those strategy? Varun, you're not audible. Hello.
 Hello, Varun you're not audible. Hello. Yeah, you're audible right now. Hello, I'm audible. Am I audible now? Yeah, you're completely audible. Yeah. So sorry. So Kapil I was saying in terms of traditional investments, it's mostly passive for me now. So mostly invest in index funds and then for debt exposure, invest in wind wealth, I use it as one of the platforms and then
 most of my other funds which I might need in say a year or two years I use liquid funds. Okay. And then last one year two years I've been transitioning most of my portfolio into blockchain based platforms so even if I need some synthetic exposure to US stock or gold or silver I've been using platforms built on top of blockchain to get exposure to those assets.
 index funds and then a little bit of debt and then actively manage the portfolio. So that is what I've been up to till now. Okay. Okay. And you have any life goals when you look for when you invest? Like, or do you kind of? No. No. Nothing. Nothing. Yeah. Fortunately, unfortunately, no one is dependent on me right now. So I'm alone. So a lot of flexibility in terms of that. Okay. I okay. I get it. So
 you mentioned you know you invest quite regularly in a lot of products so i want to understand in those products like what are your thoughts and what are the critical aspects when you look towards when you invest in a product like what is very critical for you and like what are the things when you look for when you invest in products regularly yeah so some of the products that i
 ease of exit is something especially in crypto markets because there are a lot of smart contact risk that are involved so i want to be able to access my funds as mostly stay away from any products that require lockup say most of those products need a one month or one year lockup to get a risky yield so mostly stay away from those and then mostly focus on uh data neutral strategies
 calculate the yield and then decide whether I take that investment or not. But index funds, mostly I don't follow. I think I have a very long time horizon. So mostly just put it there and then I forget. For 15-20 years, I don't think I'll even touch them. So that's where it doesn't require much of my time.
 look into uh instruments or products when you invest and what are the other things you look at when you invest and not just the critical aspects uh yeah so critical aspect is like i look after like uh the expected returns and the time frame these two things are for me like according to the time frame if i'm getting the proper return those two things are quite critical like a prima facie
 safe how like how quickly i can liquidate can i avail a loan on that or not or something like that yeah okay so if let's say you look at returns as one if i'm not wrong returns as one of a critical aspect if you get very good returns are you not worried about liquidity or how do you do that trade-off yeah so if i'm let's say someone comes like after five years if i'm getting like 15 percent
 then yeah i will not worry much about like risk or time uh i will invest in that somehow like whatever amount i can according to my goals uh yeah okay and anush like what are you sorry anush what do you look at when you kind of look at various products yeah so the primary thing is
 passive and active and BMS, right? So I don't mind paying for the returns and my return expectations aren't that much. It's just inflation plus 2%. And that's okay for me from my goal perspective, right? So I mean, following asset allocation for this long really helps. Particularly whenever there is this downturn and things like that. You know,
 is for you and I actually have a multiple asset allocation like how cumbersome is for you to look at various platforms when you do investments or do you have one place where you get everything or like you want to look at specialists how do you look at asset allocation yeah so it's a little yeah it's not straightforward like you rightly said so there are a couple of platforms that I have to go get the data and plug it into an excel sheet that I have
 And after that, it recommends what I need to do. Okay. And Ayush, what are the things which you look forward when you look at various investment products? Mainly, I look at how much risk is associated with that investment and history of that company or particular bonds or ventures.
 what is the security and all things and how much it is subscribed and subscription basis i will rely on that and mainly i want that windows to increase the return on the period also mainly only for two or three years and the bonds has been issued in the windfield till now right yeah so
 I'll definitely come back to where Vintveld experience is. But right now, I just want to understand what critical things are for you. Like you said, returns is one, ratings is one. But let's say if you want to buy an equity product or you want to buy an FD, like what do you look forward to it when or what is very critical for you? I'm open for any investment, but it should be safe and less risk and higher.
 For liquidity basis, I maintain another fund in FD and Mitchell funds and all. So I'm not looking for liquidity. So I want for long term investments. Okay. Can you primarily look at safety and security? Then you look at returns. Anush, sorry, I kind of forgot. I'm recollecting. You said you have an Excel sheet to kind of look at all your investments.
 So I just want to understand that, do you kind of have to prepare a macro for it? Like, do you do regular analysis for it? Like, how do you go about with that idea of having everything on an Excel? No, no, no macro, nothing. It's just simple, right? There are a couple of platforms which I go look at the value once a quarter and then plug it into the Excel sheet. And then there is simple formulae, which checks to see what percentage it is and whether it's within that boundary.
 not within the boundary then it it will just say how much i need to allocate that's all okay okay and and uh quite interesting and uncle like uh what do you look at at the various investment products uh yeah you have in mind and like what are your perceptions on those products and what is very critical for you when you look to invest somewhere yeah so for me uh i just don't look at
 angle basically because that is where I think we have an edge you can call it like advantage or disadvantage for like HNI's let's say right we want to make sure that like whatever the investment is if it's taxation friendly then even if it's not liquid it's okay if it's taxation friendly so that
 in some of the instruments and not just like equity, but also debt. Okay. Okay. And just a question to everyone, right? Have you invested in small cases? I did. And I am actually exiting from it right now because I found the impact cost huge actually. Okay.
 they don't talk about the impact costs or all the other charges and i have experienced it i was an investor from last three years actually but uh when i sat down uh on few weekends and actually uh found out all the impact costs and what the taxes are it it actually net net it's same okay
 Ayush, Varun, have you invested in small case? Yeah, I did a little bit, but I just agree with whatever was said earlier, right? A lot of overhead costs. So unless our investments are really high, so my philosophy is that I'm okay to pay money. So the expense ratio I try to have is one person.
 So if I have a small case manager who charges 10,000 rupees, I just ensure that at least 10 lakhs is what I invest. So that makes me have an expense ratio of 1% is decent enough. So now I've got everyone's answer. I just want to kind of play a small game with everyone. So let's think of three products. One is equity. One is your bonds and one is gold.
 primarily or an SGB, how would you think of them as personalities, as people, as movie characters? Everyone's a movie buff here. So like what movie character or an actor would an SGB be? What would be a bond be? And what would be an equity be? Anyone wants to kind of take it first or you guys want to have a think through like, yeah,
 Okay, so Kanjan Akshay Kumar equity why like why do you think equity is like Akshay Kumar? So like, first, like there are many options like his movies, it comes like three quarter times a year. So there are many options in equity. And if you do your proper research, you can find out like some companies have some profiles and even if they don't, it's
 companies it's about how how equity is like akshay kumar like like yeah so full of action yeah so one person said equity is like ranveer singh right he's very weird out of the box wears different clothes it goes up and down here and there is energetic so you've said akshay kumar which was very interesting so i want to know what is he if let's say akshay kumar and equity is the same
 So, I think it's a lot of action. You have to keep track of equity. You have to keep checking if you are investing in. And they don't get you bored. Since you have to keep an eye on, it won't bore you. A lot of action. And Ayush has said, as you are Amir Khan, why would you kind of...
 okay and uh like uh it's a long-term investment and you know from abhimanyu khans also you expect good acting and better uh like movie cast and everything okay but uh but sometimes you know it's like uh sometimes currently currently that movie that uh come uh it forward the name
 market. So I think I'd take SCB. Okay, thanks Varun. Okay, Varun saying bonds Nasur Idinsa and Omkar is saying bonds as Pankaj Tripathi. Yeah, Pankaj Tripathi is exactly the same. Okay, so I agree with Omkar now. But I want to understand Varun, why did you say Nasur Idinsa? I'll come to Omkar and his
 So the thing is with Nassil Sinta, I thought Nassil Sinta is always underrated and then it's always quality. But then in the mainstream, not a lot of people enjoy, but there is always backpour in all of his movies.
 Okay, and Omkar, you won the popular vote. Can you just tell me why do you think he's Pankaj Sripati?
 or like in any character that he plays right um and you kind of believe when he talks what he talks you believe right so that is one uh key takeaway for bond like they they give you the return promised assuming all the other conditions are uh somewhat reasonable and uh uh like uh everything else is okay so i i found that uh to have like pretty much uh similar characteristics
 Okay. I agree with Kanjan there. I am a big fan of Pankaj Ripapati's subtlety in acting. But let's say Vint Veldt was an actor, right? What actor would everyone choose? I want this for everyone. I would say Vint Veldt would be Nawazuddin Siddiqui. Okay. And I'll come back to him later.
 is right so okay and uh still there are like a lot of people who have not yet explored his acting so which is uh analogous to wind wealth trying to expand its horizons right so yeah right and kanjan your thought i i i can't really take any name but someone like newcomer and doesn't have
 like that. Not from an epigang. Karthik Aryan, no? Or you think he's too flashy? Yeah, too flashy. Sometimes it's up, down. Okay. Okay. By the way, who says Wintwell doesn't have the backup from Big E's? That I'm not sure if you have insights. Anush, who would you choose as an actor for Wintwell? No, no. I don't
 movies that much but I kind of no no I was just saying that no someone who's not noticed for long but started to make the presence felt right I think I would I would go with someone like that so if Windwell was in your friend circle right if he was your friend in your group like how would he be as that person in the group
 Probably a silent person but makes a big impact. Okay. Okay. And, and I use you've just put in Rajkumar Rao. Interesting. Now, why would you say Rajkumar Rao?
 I think Will Will is also like this and providing the return like Raskima Rao only in the films. Right. Right. So steady returns. Varun, you want to add something to this? Any actor would you want or any cricketer you want maybe? Hello, Varun? Varun, you're not audible.
 Okay. So I was saying, hello. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Sorry. So I was saying, I cannot pinpoint to a name, maybe someone like Aishman Khurana or someone who is new, but who is not that well known in the masses, but always has that potential.
 is very sharp but then needs some advertising from others or maybe doesn't want to advertise that one in the group. Okay. Okay. Okay. So he's not a very extrovert person. He's more like stays amongst himself. Okay. It's always the go to person within the group because everyone within the group knows that that that person is the sharpest one. But
 people who are outside they know their full potential someone like that movie okay and uh umkar it seems you're on fire like now you've just analyzed cricketers and very apt ones these are something which i've already gotten from other people as well uh but i'll come back to that conversation later but first i want to kind of show a screen to you about various investment
 gauge your, you know, your perceptions and thought around those products. So just let me know if my screen's visible. It's not visible yet. Okay. So, Sidant, is it visible now? Yeah. So,
 So just to give a perspective, there are a few assets or products, sovereign gold bonds, debt mutual funds, tax-free bonds, FD aggregation, arbitrage funds. And we've given a brief description about it. What kind of returns would you expect on that? What is the kind of taxation on it? What kind of risk would you get? And if there's anything additional that we need to kind
 or any additional information you might need. So just this, you might know these assets already or you might be investing in those assets currently or might have done in the past. But I just want you to kind of just go through it once and I'll get everyone's thought on these assets once I get a confirmation from everyone that we're good to go. Can either
 Whenever you're done. So Anush is good to go. Kanjan is good to go.
 And Omkar, are we good to go? Okay, Omkar is good to go. So I think everyone's good to go. Or does anyone want to kind of take like two, three minutes more and read through it once more? Yeah, I think everyone's good to go. So I'll start with Kanjan. So like you've seen these assets. Can you just help me with some of the assets which you would want to be in your portfolio?
 that I want and there are few assets which I don't want in my portfolio but these two three I would want yeah so one is like FD aggregation and another is DAP mutual fund okay and why would you say debt and debt mutual fund and FD aggregation so FD aggregation is for my emergency fund and liquidity per se and DAP mutual fund is some portion where I want some safe investment
 If you kind of have to choose between a debt or an FD aggregation as the must have for you, then what would you choose? I think FD aggregation. Okay, FD aggregation. Very interesting. Varun, your thoughts? Hello.
 Hello, Varun? Hello. Yeah, I was saying I'll choose debt mutual and arbitrage funds. Okay. Yeah. Why would you choose a debt mutual fund and an arbitrage fund?
 mid-term liquidity and then arbitrage funds is where there will be consistent yield which is in a way not dependent on market direction so a sort of a hedge in terms of returns are always consistent over a long enough time horizon. That is the reason I will go with arbitrage. And if you kind of had to choose one to be more primary or like if you had to kind of choose between both of them like what would you choose?
 Between the two? Yeah, between a debt and which fund and an arbitrage. Arbitrage would be my primary. Why? Is this something giving you which is not there in the market or like what is attracting you towards this arbitrage fund?
 that can be only captured by institutions with a particular type of infrastructure that I don't have exposure to. That is something that excites me. As a retail, I cannot do it on my own. And then... Okay, and Anush, your thoughts? Sorry, what was the question? Is it we have to choose one of this or?
 come to the one and say this is my primary child because of this and I wouldn't mind two and three. Yeah, I mean again it's not clear because do you want me to consider what I already have or? No, one which you would want like I don't know what ones you have or one thing which you would want out of these instrument to be there irrespective of you having it or not having it.
 Yeah, I'd probably go with the debt mutual fund. Simply because you would not redeem them the next five, six years. So hopefully get the tax benefit and also get the rate cycle going. Right. So that would be my choice. And if apart from a debt mutual fund, you had to choose a couple of products, which ones would you like?
 bond just to get the leverage. Okay, and then a little bit of interest that it pays. Okay, okay. And and nothing else like the ones using our okay, not so exciting. It's if there is there, not there, not there. Is that the feeling you get by the rest of them? Just the time, right? Since I've got time on my hand, I would just go with the definition and make just keep it simple. And the
 it looks to be going up maybe in the next six months and then it might come down further. So probably take advantage of that. And from the taxation standpoint, you know, LTCG will kick in after 36 months. So that's the hope. Okay. And Omkar, what are your thoughts? Like what do you look for and what would your choice be? So I would primarily go for debt mutual fund here
 like I mentioned before, I think taxation is one aspect, which the debt mutual fund has an advantage over a lot of other things. And then to compensate that, if I have to use margin for trading, I would go with SGB because that is part of like a cash component. That's the reason the other three options are not that great. Yeah. Right. Interesting.
 I just share my screen again. Ayush, did I ask you the question? I'm really sorry. I missed you out. Yeah, no worry. So any which one would you choose as your primary? Out of this, I think I will go for Debt Mutual Fund and Apti. Okay. Mainly the Debt Mutual Fund is for because of low risk and high return. And for Apti,
 for liquidity. Okay. Okay. And any other reasons you would choose one over the other? Other than this, other than this, I think gold sovereign bond, I don't think it's better. Okay. And aggregate fund, aggregate fund, I think there is tax on capital gain will be high. Okay. I will not go for it.
 this network okay and i'll just share my screen once again to show you a proposition let's say a company comes out with such a platform a website or an app i would want to kind of understand your thoughts and your perceptions around that just let me know if my screen is visible yes visible so let's say a company comes out as in fixed income platform which is a website or an app
 securities and manage your fixed income portfolio in one single place which can be your gold bonds backed by RBI listed bonds by NBFCs fixed deposits debt mutual fund arbitrage funds you can buy and sell these I will credit against these and use it to kind of hedge your disc against other investments and uh like equity and crypto so uh I wish like what what do you think about such a platform like
 Yeah, I think it's a good option, good choice to bring all this in single platform. But any apprehensions around that? Sorry? Any things which makes you like worrisome like if all these come on one platform or do you think it just makes your life easier?
 And you have some expectations from these platforms. Like, let's say you want this, that if you come out with this, at least do X, Y, Z good. Don't just give me that. So let's say if I look at e-commerce, right? I want at least delivery in three days, right? Yeah. Whatever you build, that's my bare minimum expectation. So what are your expectations from this? The platform should source the information, the actual information, correct information.
 mislead with the information and the actual rate of return should show in the screen. It's not like topped or something like that. It does not mislead the investor that you will get this if you have done this. So a truthful and honesty approach is something that you need. And it should be on time. If you are saying the interest will be given on this day, then it should be deposited on that day only. It should be on time.
 not been late because it loses the customer. Okay. And, and Ongkar, what are your thoughts on such a platform and what are your expectations from this platform? Actually, I would be a bit skeptical on this. Okay.
 It would be not something that is present today, right? So people would have to park their money, which cannot be used for anything else. So like I mentioned, my other use cases are, I also want to have margin for my investments, right? And I also want to have that taxation advantage where if I have to go and buy and sell on the platform,
 and it's not a mutual fund right then i lose on both of them so i i understand maybe what wind is trying to do here is to have an ecosystem right it's not something wind is doing but let's say if our competitor maybe next 10 yeah yeah like whoever maybe okay uh yeah not wind or like whatever that new platform is right right so if someone is looking for just single use case of
 portfolio, then sure. But if a use case is to have like, like a cherry on top and use it for multiple use cases, then I would not be interested in that. Okay. But any, any way, let's say if you kind of onboard on that competition platform or that other platform, like any expectations you want that, okay, even if you're coming with this, this is something I would want on that platform. Yeah. One would be like, like, like ease of like, like doing day-to-day activities, right? Like,
 I would expect that platform to not have customer to buy and sell by themselves. Like how we have it in the PMS, right? It seems like a PMS platform for bonds, right? Okay. In which case that platform should handle everything, understand customer, what the risk profile of the customer is. And then accordingly, like either go with like AAA rated bonds for that customer or what the risk of that customer is, right? Or maybe A, like AA, A or B, whatever is the choice of that customer.
 So basically understanding the customer and its need would be like, I think paramount for any platform. I would focus on that basically. But you're such a savvy investor yourself. So do you think it would impact you? If I did not have those other use cases, then I would want to have parked some money at least, right? Because that would help me evaluate and of course, I think returns.
 To do all of this, any company would charge some money, right? And after all those expenses and like management fees, if the returns are in line with the debt funds, then it would be very difficult to sell these products, right?
 mind having some allocation if i don't have uh the other two use cases that i described okay and and kanjan your thoughts on this like such a platform coming on board do you think it makes your like easy difficult untrustworthy or some expectations you want from this platform so is it like will it allow me to like uh do the transactions as well or just like portfolio uh so that you were going
 buying and selling all these products on one platform itself so you can buy and sell and view your investments on the platform i think cuera has like 60 to 70 percent kind of uh features of this uh i'll be happy to see because currently what happens let's say my investments are diversified right so i don't have the track of entire amount or my entire how much i'm gaining from with section
 it makes my life easier. Also in terms of making transactions, if I'm having the data, like earlier what happens in mutual fund, I had to register with each AM and later then these platforms came and they provided everything at one place. So it would be good for me, but only thing that I'll be worried is my security and my privacy. Now since everything I can do from one place, so let's say my
 some reason someone can get really screw me up yeah so your expectations would be that they showcase that this platform is really secure for you yeah and another is a security in my privacy layer i don't want my data to be you know visible to anyone else yeah any experience-led expectations
 to be very clean uh i need easy interface like any expectations from that platform yeah so basically like two expectation in terms of usability one is a proper tracking and proper in terms of dashboard like proper tracking of what is how like how each section is doing and how much i have contributed generally what percent of my total is there and that particular section
 duration it has taken that is one thing another thing is like ease of doing transaction it is definitely there like i definitely do not wish to keep entering data again and again and yeah also like uh getting the tax information right away on the platform like if i'm going to do invest and if that is my uh return after let's say x year so that might be the x and y amount of tax i'm going
 kind of planning like what we say plantation of what my funds will actually look, how tax will actually look. And Anush, your thoughts? You want to add something to it? You want to have a... This is very attractive. If this is one platform that I can use for my debt portfolio, that would be great. So maybe RBI bonds have to
 If there is any other depth instrument, then this is something that I can say, this is one platform I go look at and I can get the data that I want. Now, what is it that I would want on top of it is the ease of moving things from other platforms. I mean, I could have had some of these things from other platforms. And then if I opt for this, then all of those assets should show up here. So that's one thing I would want to do. And the next thing is the taxation.
 Because debt is a lot of importance given to taxation, STCG, LTCG, right? Now, if there is a dashboard that can tell you about realized or unrealized gains, that would really help. Okay. And anyone else wants to add to what would their expectations be? Or everyone's fine with the sort of expectations? Varun, Ayush?
 realized and realized gain and or and tax or whatever the tax or capital debt like zero tax providing right right it should provide wind wealth and one question that when will that when will they launch the ios app wind will launch an ios app i'll definitely kind of get back to you in that it's still under works but we are working on that i i understand
 an ios app but we are definitely working on this and we'll do it soon yeah because i'm very much eagerly waiting for that right right so uh now you've said that what are your problems with vintwell uh if anyone wants to uh kind of you know and have any concerns any experience improvement uh areas for us we definitely would want to help there and improve ourselves as vint
 one thing I don't know how feasible it is but if possible because there will always be users who miss out on investing in a particular product that is offering and then there will also be users who want to exit that position before mature so given the regulations and then if there is a way albeit with a certain percentage fee if you can match these two parties that would be great definitely
 both users and then the ones who want to get into the product, even though it is. So a marketplace where you can buy and trade. Right. Definitely. We'll have to look at regulations and everything, but definitely get your suggestion. I think it's a very valuable insight for us. Anuj, Kanjan, Omkar, any things which you want us to improve? I think I have.
 Just one thing. Yeah. So in terms of the dashboard, right. I mean, the new one is good. So in terms of payment, I think you have some assets where you pay both the interest and the principal. If that split is also listed, that'll be good along with the tedious. So that's a little confusing. There is a, there is a credit in your account, but then you'll be like, but the actual credit should have been something else.
 there is a principle there is interest and there's tedious on the inside so if that detail uh it shows up then that will be great okay definitely uh i think you can view that in the dashboard but i think due to regulatory reasons we can't split payments when we credit to your bank account uh sidant if my understanding is right on this or yeah but it's partly incomplete but uh like
 already a factor that we're working on thank you yeah okay and you were saying something uh yeah so uh basically i have uh i've asked this on uh some of the other discussions too with some of your uh teammates that i had uh interactions with in the past right so one thing was uh like uh again from the taxation angle right if can there be any product i know we don't have covered bonds
 can there be a MLD product with like a 10% taxation for the long term? I would jump on it right away. I, if there is any clarity on that aspect, that would be great. Like, like just, just like a note, maybe that it's not possible or it's not in the pipeline or something like that, that would also be okay. So yeah. Yeah. So then I was just saying that what we can do is we can get back to you with something regarding this specifically,
 query. So we can ask someone from the CX team to reach out to you over WhatsApp and answer this question. Indeed. Yeah. We have multiple things in our pipeline where they can't diverge a lot of things right now, but we do have multiple things in the pipeline where RISC and ACID team are working on it. But I think, yeah, that we'll dredge these out separately in case whatever you
 my parting last question is that one thing you you like about wind and you want that whatever we do in life later as an organization you want that value uh that we should always retain as wind like one value omkar if you want to add yeah not one actually uh there there are many right uh what i like about wind wealth is transparency right uh you're absolutely transparent i have like
 teammates to have like like personal discussions with them for some of the products right i have feedback on some of your like websites and all and those feedback were incorporated and i feel the the customer connect that you have guys have is just awesome right uh i think uh so i think customer connect and the transparency and also the way you were i think i'm sure and managing
 like there is like disclaimer everywhere that do not get on board uh if you don't understand the risks right or don't blindly put in all your money you just have to allocate five to ten percent of your portfolio so i think there are no other products uh available or like there are no other other owners who give this kind of disclaimers or like uh educate people so i think uh i think that
 because I found you guys pretty like genuine guys, right? And I have trust. Okay, thanks. Thanks, Ankur, for those nice words. Anush, any value which you want us to always have as Vintveld? I think it was neatly summarized, right? So, yeah, transparency and customer care, I think that really stands out. So, that's good. Okay, and Kanjan, Ayush, Varun,
 There's some other value we should always have or something we should always return. Yeah, I agree with Omkar. It's transparency and it's display and everything. Disclaimer, it's good. I didn't find like this in any other platform. Thank you, thank you, Ankush. Thank you, Omkar. I think you summarized it so beautifully that everyone's agreeing to it. Yeah, I think Kanjan's given a round of applause to you for that.
 I've overshot myself and I'm really sorry for coming late and let's I hope that Winfield kind of came into your life and solved something and I'm really grateful that you gave us a time on working beyond certification companies so thank you everyone thank you from my end thanks a lot thank you thank you bye thank you bye