 you  you  Let me check. Send me the numbers with their name. I'll call. Give me one second. Also, I'll ask you after the JSON thing. I have some questions I'll ask after this call. Okay. We'll just handle.  कपिल मैं मेकिंग यू द वह एक बार नहीं है अब यह जाएगा अब यह जाएगा अब यह जाएगा  एक और नितेश आया है ओके तो कोई है नहीं टू पीपल आर देर इन अवेटिंग ओके तो सेधान अमेज़ सेंडिंग यू एन एक्सेल चीफ इन पर जिंग आपको मैसेज कर दो इसके लिए  Hello. Hello, Nitesh. Piyush. Am I audible? Hello. Yeah, yeah, you're audible. I was just setting up my speakers. No, no, no, no. Hi. Is it just possible that if you can keep your camera on so it's easier for me to kind of connect? Sure. Hey, thanks, Piyush. Hi, Nitesh.  Just give us a few minutes and we'll start.  you  Nitish Piyush, first of all, I would like to kind of thank you for giving us the time and joining us. And we really value your opinion. And I'm Kapil and the purpose of this discussion is to understand your needs better and how we at Wint can improve your experience. So there are no right or wrong answers. You can express your views very freely here. No one's here to judge you.  It is a start.  I mean, I just have an icebreaker with each one of you. So I'll just start with myself so I can understand you better. My name is Kapil and my hobbies are playing and watching football and getting to know about a lot of worldviews through books. If Piyush, Nitesh,  are you playing these days? So I recently got Xbox. So like I recently downloaded Mortal Kombat 11. I play FIFA and then Halo Infinite Assassin's Creed. I'm more of a PlayStation person. Interesting to see Xbox people. Yeah. Nitesh, if you can help me about  So Nitesh, have you bought any DSLR? Yeah, I have one Nikon G7500 with me. Okay. Any plans to buy a mirrorless DSLR? No, not at the moment because I just bought my DSLR about two years back and it's fairly new. I haven't used it quite much. And even at that time, I was contemplating whether to buy a mirrorless or a older version DSLR.  Okay, so let's just start. I don't want to waste your time since you've just given, like you've taken the time out on a working day. I'm really grateful for that. So I'll just start ahead and kind of understand what investment products you kind of invest in. I do stocks, crypto, bonds, gold bonds. So what kind of products you invest in?  and leave it so it depends on product okay so just a follow-up uh do you have any allocation for like a fixed income uh products or high-risk products like equity like you have a fixed allocation like i have a 60 40 allocation um you know currently i don't have that fixed allocation i just go with whichever is giving me higher returns okay i i saw this trend of me  I have not invested in REIT as of now. But apart from that, I invest directly in stocks, equity funds and bonds as well. And specifically through WinkWealth because I haven't tried any other platform to invest in bonds. Okay. Yeah. And like, do you, like, where do you get fixed returns and fixed annual? Like, do you have any allocation for it? Or do you do it goal-based?  and all. So the extra money that I have is going into bonds which went with offers rather than going directly into stocks. Okay, so you mentioned SIP and that is a regular process, right? Every month you invest some money in it. So I want to understand that when you put money in regular investment products, like what kind of things do you look for like?  turnover portfolio, long-term view. And I like those kinds of funds, but recently I have also been into a bit of, uh, quant funding investing. Okay. So I also believe that quant funds have the capacity to outperform the market. So I have also begun investing in quant funds and a good track record is what I look into before investing.  a bet on it but if i go for something like hgb or the bonds i will see the returns and over what period so how much period will it take me to yield because uh there is this thing new uh which is peer-to-peer uh liquid equivalents or liquid ones that cred offers which also provides similar uh similar  what time I will get a proper return, like in which period I will get a proper return. So I just keep it there, like over time it will grow. Okay. So you mentioned liquidity, you mentioned returns, you mentioned period. But if I would ask you to choose one thing when this is very critical, when you look for, when you invest in products, so what would that be? I would say one thing, the first most thing that I look for is returns.  tenure should be low or the rate of return should be high enough to compensate for that. Okay. So that's what I decided. Okay. So if a product with higher risk, lower risk and higher tenure comes in, you're pretty fine with such products? Yeah, but the tenure should not be too long as the visibility is kind of dicey. Okay.  understand the risk and return. And you invest in so many products and you are investment savvy and you are a CEO, you have great knowledge of financial products. So I want to understand that which is that one favorite product which you really like in all the investment. Might be bond, might be equity, might be good bonds or real estate. So I want to understand what is that one favorite  Asset plus has the history of beating the inflation over longer horizon. And that's what excites me. I mean, other products also have the capacity, but they do not outperform inflation as much as equity does, in my opinion. So I prefer equity over the others. Okay. And Piyush, that product which you really like,  One for different purposes. Like I like small cases for equity because it takes my overhead of researching and I am able to invest in a proper portfolio. I don't need to manage each stock by myself. So I like small case. Then I like WinkWealth for bonds because I feel it's very simple to understand. Everything is provided very in descriptive manner.  three top most but it seems like you're looking at products which give you a very hassle free experience is that your yes side or so when you look so what is more critical hassle free experience or the returns you look at both so all these products give me a good returns like they do like for example if you take  fixed guarantee. So even if I get default, it's a covered loan. So at least my principal won't get hampered even if I lose out on the returns. So keeping it hassle-free and also keeping good in returns. So that is what because I don't come from a finance background. And when I tried going in it, I felt it's a web of things like you know one thing, then you try to learn another thing and the third and the fourth and then everything is interconnected.  bonds gold bonds sgbs as a product and bonds in general as a product so like how would you introduce them to me as friends right if let's say a small case was your friend uh and i met you for the first time how would you introduce uh it to me and what would he wear what kind of personality he would be uh if you can start to use on let's say small cases gold bonds and bonds  forward to creating a portfolio. So as a person, yeah. So as a person, like he's good with portfolio management as a person, he is, uh, I would say, no, uh, easy example, right? Equity. Uh, one of the users said that, okay, equity is like Ranveer Singh. He's funny. He's quirky. He's unpredictable. Uh,  it is like Cheteshwar Pujara like he bats for long five days and it is not the best strike rate in the market but yeah it is that dependable person so Nitish sir if you want to kind of meanwhile Piyush is thinking around Nitish sir if you want to kind of help me with that small case SGB and bonds yeah even I am thinking of some corrective  like Harvey Specter from Suits. So they have everything for everyone, like for every scenario, whatever portfolio you want to make, they will have something around it in and around it. And they prove them like, how do you trust it? You trust it by the managers who are managing that portfolio and also by the thesis or the, you can call it  We're going to L3B.  like the managers and producers, everybody knows them, but not too many people talk about them. And SGBs are like the blackened people, the light men, the cameramen, who we do not know them, we do not see them, but if they do not do their job, then the film will not come out. So just like SGBs, they're not only tax-free if we hold them till the end of maturity, but they also provide as a hedge against inflation.  Vint will would be the kind of an actor who prefers specific kind of roles. Okay, so the so that it becomes predictable. Any examples? Let's say  table that James Bond character is associated with action movies and equities are small case so if I try to since small case I mean small case as a product or as a proxy as a film actor or a character like James Bond is a character so what do you think?  Whereas the bonds offered from Wintwell is a little offbeat. Like it's covered bonds. Not everyone offers it. It's not easily available, but it's something that Wintwell does well. And with Steve, sorry, with Michael Scott, it's like once you assign him a task, he will do it somehow or the other. So once you invest in bonds, it's like you will get your money after the period. You can't, like there is option to withdraw,  like Michael Scott, I feel. And Nidhi sir, have you thought something about small case? No, I'm blank at the moment. Okay, no worries. What I'll do is I'll share my screen. Just let me know if it's visible. There are various products on the screen, various proposition of these products. I want to kind of gauge your opinion towards these products.  Okay. Yeah. So I'll just give a brief of this. There are various products, sovereign gold bonds, debt mutual funds, tax-free bonds, FDA aggregators and arbitrage funds. So you might be aware of them or you might be already investing a few of them, but just for the sake of it, we've given what is a description, what kind of returns are expected on these products  Thank you.  which of these products you feel are like good to have in my portfolio right there are some products that i will say that okay these are good i don't want in my portfolio and there are some products like two three products i choose for my portfolio so what what of these products you find are good to have in your portfolio for me sgp and get funds are good to have  So, SGB first of all is linked to the gold prices. So, and gold historically has had lower correlation with equities and it acts as a natural hedge to your equity portfolio. Okay. And apart from that, we get additional 2.5% per annum on the issue price as well as there is no tax if we hold till maturity. So, that's what makes it  a must have like this so i must have between us a gold bond or a debt mutual fund which one would you kind of prefer it's difficult to choose because i personally i would prefer both we cannot keep a very high allocation for sgb because it may not perform well in the time frame that we are holding it  So they have more than 5% return and virtually no risk. Okay. So it's like a fixed return and their returns are more than SGB. So like even after tax, it's still greater than that. And it's even after tax greater than FDs. So it's still a better option, even if I have to pay taxes. And there is,  say if you had to choose kind of between FD aggregator and arbitrage fund what would you kind of say is the must have or the better in your product in your eyes amongst these two yeah I don't know FD aggregation looks better because it has a tax exemption like a TDS exemption limit and then it  what are your thoughts on such a platform? Like what is your expectations this platform will give and what is critical that this platform should not miss? Sorry, I did not get your question. I'll repeat my question. I'll let this to you to kind of begin with. So if a platform comes, let's say a website or a new app,  we can skip the description for now because anyone who is investing must be knowing basic about what he's investing into the asset class. So that is something that is not that critical, I would say. But I would say interest on principle, the taxation and risk, all the three are critical. Additional notes is again not so critical because it's additional. No, it's just for your reference. Let's say there's one app which you can see all these products as. I'll just show you an example.  in one single place where there would be HDBs, listed bonds, fixed deposit, debt mutual funds, arbitrage funds, where on this platform you can buy and sell securities, avail credit against an investment and hedge risk against your other equipments like an equity or a crypto. So what do you think is your expectations from such a platform from an ease of point of view considering you look at ease of point of view and returns, what do you expect  So having the basket, then proper segregation, like this is the bond and so much percent of it is going, so much percent of it is going here and so much percent is the SGP and stuff. And then it will give you returns so by so, like there are some that will give you in six months that will mature in a year and so, and something like on those lines. So making it clear for me, like what returns I should expect over what period of time.  that as a platform. Then it's very normal actually. Sorry, sorry, sorry. I interrupted you. I was just saying that then it feels like just another aggregator platform, I would say for bonds. Okay. And what would you expect from such an aggregator platform? And what is very critical that this aggregator should not miss?  sense in terms of one because it's a one-time thing i don't need to go to my laptop every time for that one-time investment uh except except that i would say uh yeah just the simple ui basically everything in front of you you can access all the parts of it browse through it good discoverability i would say this having a good discoverability because uh  offering would be a great product. I think there are multiple points that I can think of. So, first of all, since there are a lot of products available to invest, so it will be a one-stop shop where we can invest as well as track all our investments in these products. So, it would be a really great platform. Also,  different site and then compare and then come back to coin right so that's the issue with the coin platform it's great to invest and track but not to compare the available options where we can choose based on our requirements it provides very few features so having such a future where we can compare would be critical another aspect would be that since such a product offers multiple assets to invest in  in the upcoming year or so if possible. Statements which will help us in our tax filings etc. Right. Okay. Thanks, Nitish. I'll just take a couple of few more questions and you have given me such great answers, such great thoughts to ponder too. So one, I would like to understand your perception about us as Vintwell. What do you think are good aspects? What do you think are our shortcomings?  and I was part of it. So I'm quite associated with WinkWealth from the start of WinkWealth's journey. And it really filled a void in the bond space where individuals did not invest too much in bonds or they did not know too much about bonds specifically to say. So WinkWealth has helped to bridge the investment gap as well as the knowledge gap on both fronts.  So I had a call with one of the members about two or three weeks back. And there also I have given my feedback that WinkWealth offers bonds in the space where the bond duration is ranging from one to four years. Okay. So if we have to invest in high yielding products, which are less than one year, there is no option which WinkWealth currently provides. Of course, there are some products.  as we build more and more bonds, it becomes a bit difficult to keep track of all bonds. So if we get a consolidated view of all our investments on the platform, like when are the next repayments coming in, how much cash is going to come in the next six months, so that we can plan accordingly, that would be a great feature addition. Definitely, definitely. And views are what I are things to say about the good, bad and the ugly.  That is the ugly for me. Otherwise, the scope for improvement, as Nitesh said, I really like the idea of having that cash flow prediction. So like when I invest in bonds, I do see that the returns, expected returns, you just select how many bonds, how many slots you are taking. And it shows you that this much interest you will get after this much time, after three months, after six months, whatever is the bond maturity time.  we have to do to kind of get your trust more or get your help you invest more so this is this is not directly a feedback that i'm giving but something that i'm facing so i see you have you have this refer and earn reference system but i have felt this from my personal experience that whenever i recommend someone to invest in bonds  stuff about bond assets, I think that would be helpful. Definitely, we'll take your feedback into account. Would you want to add anything to it? What things we can do to improve your experience? How would we help you invest more? When people look at bonds,  follow-up question to both of you right you just said people perception do you think it's like people don't see bonds in the right way or they don't trust that enough or is that impacts your decision is that something which you feel is happening like when I started investing in crypto my father said what what the hell are you doing why you're kind of wasting money or why are you so brash and same thing  or do you think it is very complex as a system compared to an equity? I think it is education and also that leads to the lack of knowledge of the asset. Yeah, lack of knowledge I think would be because people invest in FDs which is a fixed income product but they do not invest in bonds as much. I mean, they do not even have a small exposure.  are even worse than FDs. That was my personal experience with those. Like I invested in 2, 3 and the returns were really bad. Like 3, 4%. Really bad. And when I saw Wintwell then I was like why to have that mutual fund when I can directly get debt bonds which does the same thing which plays the same role in my portfolio having some debt and giving me way greater returns anyway.  So I just assume that there is no exit and then I invest, which makes things easier for me. But it's worth the extra returns that I'm getting in the same amount of time. Sure. Yeah. Okay. Nitsi sir, would you like to add something or I'm done at my end? But if you want to kind of add anything, any problems or challenges you're currently facing at Vint and is there something I can do to help and kind of connect you there?  something of marketplace on wind wealth itself so you go and just like today I want to buy some bonds I think this would also help Nitish in the scenario where he told he wants liquidity in below less than one year so he can just go see the available bonds on the marketplace who wants an exit he'll just buy their bonds and give them exit right now and he also will get exit below one year  and I don't know whether it's a win-12 send or some other issue but I have invested in a few bonds and some bonds are reflected in my zero that is kite app but others are not visible on the app so I have to go to the dp website to check whether I really have them in my team up or not  some demand like for example zero that do not show it on your uh on their app but you can uh just verify it on the chdl app and you will see it in your demand so it is in your demand but they don't show because it is not listed on the exchange no okay because even i have my recent bonds are not showing and i traced this query with windwell team and this is what i came to know no okay yeah yeah i can see  every time. Definitely. Definitely. So I would like to thank you all for your time. You've given me an hour on a Tuesday, which is a working day. I really appreciate the efforts and the valuable discussion we had. And I hope that Winfield had come to your life and did something. So really thankful for your time and insights and discussions and your patience as well. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.