 you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you  you  you  been couple what was couple in the office no he's not he's not only asset team is here in kdia yeah manish is i think already on call okay uh wait i'll share three numbers with you i think six people are on the agenda today they got a calendar today  what are we presenting in the product card? I sent product call no product card. I sent that Excel or nothing, you know that like we can present that. Hello can manage both are here couple.  So this is Ibram. What is his name? Ashwin. Ashwin, Aditya and... Yeah. So Kanyakai, third person is on the call already. The number you sent is who? Ashwin. Okay, I'll just call Ashwin.  तो आधार बजे तक उनको भी बिठा रखेगा तू  people entered the waiting room man yeah I let them in yeah yeah and no don't do that Siddhant just ping me on slack I'll give you the answers okay good okay so you're there or you're leaving okay  and speak with you, it's quite better in that way. I would also request Ranjit sir and Aditya sir, if you can please turn your camera on if that's possible. Actually, I'm outside. That's why I'm not opening my video. No, no, no. That's fine. If you're outside, then it's completely fine. I just wanted to kind of understand if, yeah.  correct with your guest. I think it's a Saturday and we are taking your time on a Saturday. No, no, no. It's all right. Till the time they don't arrive, I'll be with you. Thank you, sir. Thank you. So I would like to thank first all of you for your time for joining us. And your opinion really matters to us a lot. So I'm Kapil and I work at Wentwith. And the purpose of this discussion is that we understand you better at Wint and improve your experience with Wint.  because every point is very critical to us so for that we are doing that okay yeah i'll just start by let's first understanding each other a lot i just as an icebreaker so to give you a context i am a couple i work in insights and my hobbies and passion is primarily watching football playing  retired in 2021 December. So now enjoying my retired life as well as retirement brings a lot of financial management discipline also into picture. Naturally the financial management person has to be wise once he gets into I mean when we are working we don't have any time. So now I know that the money is not coming.  some good videos that's all thank thank you sir and congratulations on your retired life money sir if you can go next your hobbies your passions yes hello everyone nice to meet with you so myself Manish from Jaipur and I run a software company I started very early so my my goal is to get retired early like someone is retired  lot of books and basically this is it. Thank you Manish sir. And Deet sir if you can just give us a short intro about yourself and what are your hobbies, what are your passions? Yeah, hi Kapil. Happy to see you and happy to connect with you. Actually myself, Ranjit, I have five plus years of experience in digital marketing  aspects like if I am going for any short-term investment that kind of thing wind will be very much lucrative asset for me because suppose if based on my thoughts I am like how to use this event well suppose if I have like every year like health insurance that kind of thing health as well as some other like  your hobbies your passions uh it's great to know about your financial yeah my hobbies were playing cricket as well as badminton and i like to swim uh like i'm i'm very much interested in this is my habit thank you thank you sir if you can please help me with your hobbies your passions hi hey everyone so this is i 28 uh i work with an mnc company  for an automotive firm. It's Mercedes-Benz. I work on autonomous driving. Apparently, I've been also into investing since 2016. I'm currently 27 years old. So I use WintWealth majorly as a diversification platform. That's my major intent of using this because most of them are linked to equity and I want to somehow move out from that. So I've been also using a couple of other websites as well, just part of diversification. But then my major hobbies would be related to finding what's the new problem to solve in the world of startups.  are you aware of and where do you invest in general? Okay. Should I say? Yeah, yeah, yeah. It's an open forum for everyone. Yeah. So basically I invest like, you know, of course, making my portfolio very much balanced in like, you know, equity, real estate, of course, gold. So for real estate,  I invest via small cases as well. And for that portion, of course, bond is one of the thing other than that, you know, I invest in some other debt way, you know, mutual funds. And again, some, I would say some part of still liquid fund and FDs for, you know, for opportunistic way and some kind of emergency kind of thing. And so I believe equity and then debt  money to the equity side more so I am doing that. Okay. Nice to hear that. Yeah, Alok sir. You can just go ahead. So as I told I am leading a retired life and besides searching for a job the prudence calls that whatever terminal benefits I have got they are prudently invested and I have a sustained income that's my purpose. So  startup ecosystem and I believe that the startups promoted by young entrepreneurs they are there to do business and they are there to make a sustainable proposition for themselves as well as the stakeholders that is how I have reposed my faith in your products and I have liked the products and  One thing which I have to suggest, second thing what I have to suggest is that having repulsed our faith, my only request to you would be that to ensure that our payments and repayments are safe. Yes, sir. The way you can assure, it's all investors, not IKS only. Right. Like when you launch a product, it's very good. You host a video conferencing, you bring  very good faith yeah alok sir i will definitely take that in account but right now i just want to understand more about your investment behavior where do you invest in i'll definitely come back to wind and your suggestions for us and any areas where we are lacking but to improve ourselves but i want to kind of first understand more about you more about your investment behavior where do you invest in what products are you aware of so that you know we can  MIS. Right. So those are the kind of, I mean, it's a diversified statement. Right. And if I'm getting the new products, yes, I am trying with caution. And it's only once you start getting confidence built up, you will start investing in other products. So that's how it is going. My only, again, one more suggestion is the post office services have improved  as well as investing is important. I started my investing journey at 2020. In that scenario, first of all, I learned about how many types of investing assets we have. I didn't spend much on investing, but I tested multiple assets. If it is suitable for best asset, then I can go to that asset.  First, I will go for equity. Then I will go for liquid funds. Then I will go for mutual funds as well as bonds and bond scenario also. Some corporate bonds as well as wind wealth is coming into another type of bond. And then I'll slowly go for mutual funds. In the mutual funds also, small, medium and large scale. And which is suitable for me for long term as well as medium as well as small.  get to that space also. Right. Yeah. And type like one of the startup is there. I go for type also because for testing, if it is, if it is clicks for us, definitely we can more go for that scenario. Okay. Okay. Thank, thank you, sir. You have such a wide portfolio with covers. My portfolio. Yeah. My portfolio is not that much.  happened was roughly in 2020 there was a lot of products that came up in the market which we couldn't access in the past so for example startup investments were something that I was always interested in but the ticket size was very high which I for sure a normal working candidate could not put in such huge funds and then somehow I also was invested and I'm also still investing in Grip so Grip has three products which I'm actively invested in one is invoice discounting one is also startup equity so there's one investment that I recently made  as peer-to-peer lending. I've heard Bharatpay also has one, but I've not been invested in Bharatpay. But CRED is something that I'm actively putting some money every month as an SIP so that I expect about 9% returns. In case the market goes southwards, at least this hopefully gives you a little bit of return. But then these products like CRED or those sort where there is peer-to-peer lending, I do not want to be invested in for more than, let's say, two years or two or three years. I'm not that... At the moment,  So invested in mutual funds, equity, debt as well. And obviously invest primarily into the stock market as we're using small cases. And sometimes, you know, friends, et cetera, for lack of better term, right? You get to know this is going to do well. So sometimes you do that because, you know, it's one of them. Either it's going to make money or, you know, you trust your people. Then it's like that, right? So that's the first part of, you know, standardized sort of investing per se. The next one is more safer options, right?  well that give you returns on top of uh you know the cryptos that you're vested with them etc right so right that's the other other spectrum that i have invested in obviously and that's the length and breadth but what becomes very crucial is tracking these investments so uh i mean currently that's the that's the toughest part i mean right you you invested so many places right across so many platforms right so i use kuvera i don't know if you're aware of it  like a monthly SIP or a monthly bond system which you have in place. So what are the various things that which are your things which you look in? Like I'll give an example. When I look into e-commerce, I look in product quality, next day delivery, brand name. So when you invest in some things, what do you look in and what is like very critical for you? So for me, next day delivery is very critical. So I want to understand what do you look and what is very critical for you? To be honest, I think it's more about the allocation of cash  You talk with friends and get a bunch of list of, you know, which are the mutual funds you think are going to be doing well. You compile a list and then you do multiple SIPs in that during the month itself. I mean, it's not only that, you know, you invest once you, I mean, throughout the month also, if you think that the stock market has sort of gone down, if there's something that's happening, some event that's happening, the stock, I mean, last couple of months when the market sort of hit some lows, right? At that time, June or something like that.  buy low, etc. But when you look at the mutual funds one, what you're trying to look at is what's been there in general performance and how do they perform when the market goes down. I mean, that's one of the parameters that I look at. The same thing goes with small case also. I think they give you that backtesting and those graphs as well. So you can just move those around very basic. I don't do a structured analysis, but you can understand that if the market is falling or the index is falling by this much, what is the net-net impact usually on this and how much they rebalance.  critical and if that is not what something you have confidence with you don't at all invest in it see i i mean i don't do short term i mean short term investing is the stock funds that you invest in equity right but apart from that mutual funds i am i'm hopefully investing for the long term i mean i don't have any liabilities i don't have to uh do any immediate spending per se so my thing is that you know gonna be keep gonna keep on investing in them for the long run as  When you look at your financial planning, of course, that is the first homework everyone should be doing. So, you know, what are your goals and, you know, what actually you want to reach, where you want to reach. And then you decide a vehicle, you know, like, you know, I want to go this and I want to achieve this amount. So, this is the path. Yeah. So, it is a short-term thing. It is a long-term thing. So, based on that, you know, you pick one thing. Like, for example, small case is something for long-term. Equity is something for long-term. But, of course, there are mutual funds that I have picked for,  So I'm just compounding. So basically when I decide a product before the financial planning is important. And whenever I pick, like for example, how I research Wintwell. So I first do, you know, like the way you guys already doing, you know, showing interviews and everything, you know, making sure that the product is safe in some regards. So, you know, and then I started with very small step.  you know, like for example, I, I hear, I also want to mention Strata where I'm doing my real estate investment and their software, the web panel that they have designed. It's so intuitive and very, very like recently they've even launched the mobile app. So that's where, uh, went well, uh, have launched their mobile app, but that's only for Android right now, not iPhone users. So I'm waiting for that. So basically that makes your life easy, you know, because you feel connected and, uh, you know, you can, uh, you can see your investment whenever,  how I'm tracking it, what kind of reports and what kind of updates I'm getting. Then the customer support. Again, I really feel that customer support is very important because you sometimes have queries and you want to get sorted out. For example, recently when I got one of the investment get returned and the amount was the principal and interest was clubbed together.  in your bank statement. So it makes easier your life. This is the interest and this is the principle that you get. So that makes your life easy. Why? Because you have so many entries in your bank statement and sometimes it was easy to track. So basically these kind of stuff. So again, to summarize, product is based on the financial planning. I can't say that differs from person to person. But once you know the product and you want to invest, I prefer to start with small.  if you have anything to add to it and what do you look for and what is very critical for you? So, as I said that my prime investment is to secure a sustained income. So, any product which can bring sustained income and can be reassuring to the investor. I mean, it's like if I am able to  objective also. Yes, sir. Whatever income generation can be there, sustained income generation, any variation of the product will be there. Yes. Thank you. Thank you, sir. Ranjit, sir, would you like to add something? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Actually, I've seen Vintual these testing with different assets, like they are repaying like three months, six months, one year.  uh uh origin is a big like three to five years you can increase the origin if we get the interest we can add some money and we can like again invest into this small little bit of asset classes that will be useful because we are recurring investment in the interval if you have some large large ticket of asset when we can invest that asset and we can get the repayment for every month we can add some amount and we can  if it is withdrawable at least within six months of span at least a part of the fund uh i will for sure be on it and that's why in my portfolio i keep uh those elss part a little lower than the the liquid ones so and hence wind has also given me that opportunity because you could take some part out every six months and then this also helps you to go a little more on your investment value because when you have liquidity you could put a little more in and then second thing is the tool itself for example  you so you know gold bonds you know mutual funds you know bonds in general so let's uh personify them like uh if i meet you for the first time how would uh you introduce them to me as friends uh for example uh like equity i had a gentleman saying that oh he's like a fun rock star i don't trust him but he's my friend for a long time and he's just like ranveer singh he dresses flashy and for  Yeah, bonds are like elder brother that kind of thing. Because he's guiding and he can care about like survey as well as any backups in there, they are ready to support us. That's kind of, you know, bonds are related to, it's like a brother kind of thing. Okay, and equity mutual funds and gold bonds, how would you say both of them? Equity kind of thing, you need,  gold bonds and bonds in general like these two people I think say you're on mute so I was saying gold and gold bonds and bonds you know gold bonds basically I'm more like SGB friend so SGBs and bonds are kind of you know kind of I would say test matches so you just believe they are good you know  monthly rebalance kind of. So you just sit aside and, you know, enjoying your small cases, how they are doing it, you know, and they're really doing great. Kind of. Yeah. So small case is your friend that you kind of have, you sit with him on a weekend, have long conversations. Right. And how is Gold Bond as your friend and how different is he from Bond in general? Like an SGB different from a Bond in general? That's a very big difference. Bond is like, you know,  nowadays SGB is also giving you interest so that's again a different way of getting meditation sort of and gold bond is again I will I feel like you know wind wealth till now the journey has been very very short so but till now I am really enjoying it so I would say I feel safe and again it's kind of where there is no kind of fluctuation lot of fluctuations and kind of you are kind of a  a friend with you, you are kind of excited. That gives an excitement that, you know, chilling in a more different way. Yeah. Ashwin, sir, you can, you want to add anything now or you would still kind of pass it off? I mean, as everyone mentioned, equity is more like those friends who, you know, quite, how would I say it?  Okay. Thanks, Ashwin. Aditya, anything you want to ask? Yeah, I wanted to ask you. I mean, I'm not sure if this is the right forum, but I recently read that news on, I don't know if you saw the hit piece on The Ken, right? And I was a bit shaken by that. Did you see the hit piece that Ken has written on Mint Wealth? Or no? Maybe I'll find you guys later. I will definitely check that out. And that was a bit discerning.  are like financial rock stars. So like half of my work is done there. But I would want to understand your opinions and your needs and how these assets are for you. So just give me a moment and let me know if my screen is visible. Siddharth, is my screen visible?  I have a few assets here. One is your sovereign gold bonds, which you guys have, which I think Manish sir has already mentioned about. Then debt mutual funds, which all of you are kind of aware about. Then tax-free bonds and FD aggregation and arbitrage funds. So there's a brief description on it. What kind of interest and returns you would expect? What are the taxation policies around it? What are the risk and loss?  you you  I think Ashwin is good to go. Aditya sir, Manish sir. Aditya sir, Manish sir, is everything good to go? Yeah, yeah. Okay.  I accept tax-free bonds. I believe I have every investment type. I have arbitrage bonds. I do have FDs. I do have debt mutual fund and I do have SGBs. But your rank one, like your... One, okay, okay. Because, you know, every investment have a different purpose. Like, for example, arbitrage fund, you know, for like, you know, I have park money for, you know, the money that I do need for next couple of years for at least one or two years.  I would say in terms of returns, because that is one of the parameters that everyone sees. So I would go with Dapp Mutual Fund, number one, because that's again a good thing and I feel that gives a good return. Again, not for short term. You need some kind of three years horizon at least. I will just spark you up on second right now. I just want to kind of get your opinion on the first one. I'll definitely come back to you.  would reduce down to more stable like tax-free bonds or FD aggregation. And Ajit, these are your thoughts, your number one pick. To be honest, currently I only invest in debt mutual funds for now. I mean, I don't understand what FD aggregation is. If it just means FDs, then yes, I do that as well. But I don't do this with 5 lakh government guarantee. I don't know how this is happening. But yeah, I mean, the one I would go with right now  I can't say no to arbitrage funds, but I haven't gotten around to parking money in them yet, to be honest. But the other ones are very, very, very long term. I feel the tax-free bonds and sovereign bond, the sovereign gold bonds, maybe if there's another crisis globally, then I'll put money in them. Not right now, yeah. Yeah, and Ashwin sir, like other good-to-have kind of a product and one you would say that it's like, okay, it's a good-to-have  like any particular thing? Somehow the whole concept is somehow doesn't look fascinating to me at the first place. I understand it's a rare earth metal which has some value at the moment and people are trading that rare earth metal for a long time. But somehow I cannot connect with sovereign gold bonds for some reason. No justifications as such. No, no, no. I just wanted your opinion around it. Money is,  these two not other three because you know they are not really again they all FDs of course not an investment according to me that's just for parking money for a certain emergency sort of thing and tax refunds again no low return so I would go with some other class other asset class so I will I haven't done and I am not exploring that and arbitrage fund again that was again a parking thing which is you know I have a very specific goal that is why I am using that but if I do  like five, six of these products on one single platform. Do you think your life would become easier if, you know, kind of things would be easier for you? What would be our expectations around it? Sure, of course, if everything, like, you know, for example, arbitrage funds already are on, you know, basically a type of mutual fund. So, arbitrage fund is already, like, you know, someone is already investing money on a particular, because nowadays everyone is utilizing,  where they already have money available. I'm not talking about corporate FDs. I'm talking about bank FDs right now. Tax-free bonds, again, of course, yes, tax-free bonds make sense because there is no ideal place available right now. Of course, they are, I think, one of the platforms from Zerodha provides a platform for having one platform for all kinds of bonds. But the only platform I know. Debt mutual fund, the same story like arbitrage fund. Again, if I'm already connected with and I'm doing my direct  using uh uh uh zerodha for that okay and and how's your experience been so far considering it's very easy like you know like buying a stock uh buying any stock you know you just go and pick the sgps of course i'm using some calculators available on internet that gives you what are the sgps having a high volume available and what kind of discounts available right now i pick that uh sgp and i go on the market and buy that particular okay okay and uh  We have one tool called Grip, where we have invoice discounting, I think real estate investment and startup in one. So it does not feel it's bifurcated because at the end, the company wants to give customers the options to choose from. I would have two opinions about this. I would either want to have a tool or a company or a product which lets me invest in all of this in one place. Or as one of the colleagues was earlier mentioning, if at all we could monitor all the investments at one place with some other tool, also it would help.  right so even your platform giraffe and pillow and everywhere you can log on and see individually but if there exists something where you know you can make it a one-stop shop and then maybe i might even be influenced to stop investing else in there because of the comfort maybe yeah right okay uh thank you sir for your time i'll just take a few minutes more uh this is more from the lens of wind and how we can kind of come back to it how can we make experience  the experience is really good the only feedback like i said two feedback that i already shared with the team uh one is like ios app which is uh i got updated and second is like you know uh some kind of reporting where because you know like the way i got uh you know a kind of return in my bank account and i got confused though i got clarified immediately by the by the customer support and it was really helpful but ultimately you know because you know there are so many  money that you have found in you know with windfans so that is the that is the area yeah uh uh sir your thoughts yeah i can i can jump in right so yeah uh to be honest uh i mean i have invested post that but i think i i mentioned before right that that hit piece and i think sidhan shared that article from linden as well but uh but yeah i think in general what the platforms like  back, it sort of builds that confidence as well. That's the positive reinforcement that I would love to keep ongoing as well. And the second bit was, I think maybe this is a miss on my understanding, but the dashboard has been updated as well. Because earlier it used to show only the invested amount and the fund amount irrespective of what's been returned, etc. Thank you.  they are with three years, five years. Same way you can promote as well as who is with Winter Wealth. Like three years the customers is with Winter Wealth. You can give the appreciations as well as you can post in social media that will be create a culture. Right. Right. Right. Definitely. Definitely we'll kind of your opinions and your employee centricity and investor centricity is something which is very critical and close to heart. So,  any value you think we should have for the future as well i would say the trust trust of the customers so i would say even if i mean personal opinion even if one payment defaults or even if one payment does not come on time as per the expectation what is shown on the website then the customer would think twice before he puts in the large chunk in so uh there are two aspects because this happened to me with one other platform the the payments were delayed by a day or two and then i  but customer support is also one of the part. I need to expect from near future because if the asset like investors keep on increasing the customer's support will divert there. No need to like neglect this part. Sure, sir. In the previous part also you mentioned about all the platforms in the wind well that kind of thing which is  Well, I just want to say I'm in line with what Ashwin has said. So trust is something, one of the parameters which I think we should be in line. Right. So thank you for giving your valuable time on Saturday. I think I was just short five minutes over both than your time. I know it's Saturday. It's a holiday and you wouldn't want to spend it. You would rather spend it with your family.  Thank you. Thank you, sir. Thank you. Bye. Thank you, Kapil. Bye. Thank you. Thank you. Have a nice weekend. Same here. Yo. Yeah, everyone's gone. Yeah. What do you think, man? Better than the last one? Way better. That's a call. Hey, stop recording. That's a